About the job
Robotics Systems Engineer (Round Rock, TX)

ABOUT SISU:
Looking for a fulfilling job at a company where you can make a real impact? If so, Sisu may be the place for you. Sisu provides a fast-paced and exciting work environment in the field of robotics and automation. But we're not your typical integrator - we take on complex engineering problems that often involve adopting or inventing new technologies. Examples include knife sharpening robots that feel their way through the grinders, easy-to-use robots for the film industry, micron-level precision test systems, and low-cost military grade ventilators for the COVID-19 pandemic. At its core, Sisu exists to bless the lives of our customers and employees, and we’re looking for the best and brightest minds to come join us in continuing to fulfill that mission each and every day.
 Check us out at sisu.us

JOB DESCRIPTION:
A Systems Engineer at Sisu plans, designs, tests, and develops complex and truly incredible industrial automation systems. Top qualities include a passion for engineering, uncompromising integrity, and an iron work ethic. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, programming fixed-based robots, designing user interfaces for industrial and consumer-facing applications, developing and architecting sophisticated, modular, and autonomous code in LabVIEW, and assisting in the definition of project scope, objectives, and allocation of resources.  This is a full-time, salaried position.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
BS in Electrical, Computer, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent
5 years LabVIEW development experience or CLA level experience (no certificate required)
Long-term interest in LabVIEW development
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience programming in LabVIEW RT, LabVIEW FPGA, and/or LabVIEW SoftMotion
Advanced LabVIEW certification (CLD, CLED, CLA, etc.)
Experience in mechanical, electrical, and/or system design
Experience programming industrial robots (Kuka, Fanuc, ABB, etc.)
In-depth understanding and knowledge of robot kinematics and dynamics
A love of tinkering and building crazy projects at home on your own time (One guy who applied here said his computer broke so he took it apart, popped the mother board in his oven, reflowed the solder, put it back together and it worked. We hired that guy)

BENEFITS:
In addition to our competitive compensation plan we offer a great work environment, fun atmosphere, and a full benefits package including medical, dental, and vision benefits, 401K, paid time off, and 10 paid holidays per year.

We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor applicants for work visas.
About the job
Develop navigation, and perception capabilities on a mobile robot. You will need to rapidly integrate and evaluate third party libraries, keep abreast of current research, and develop core autonomy capabilities.

Requirements
strong C++ programming skills
experience with mobile robotics

Bonus points for
proven ability to ship working robotic applications
experience with path planning and/or control
experience with localization and mapping algorithms
experience with 3D obstacle avoidance and navigation algorithms
experience in computer vision or deep learning
experience with sensors and hardware
About the job
We are changing the agricultural world with autonomy at Bear Flag Robotics. Our team is building a fleet of autonomous farming tractors and is looking for a Robotics Software Engineer to join our team. Ideally you have built robots from the ground up and have intuition around implementing a robotics stack from sensor selection to perception to localization to path planning. You’re comfortable in Python/ C/ C++ and working on a breadth of problems. Experience with autonomous driving, robotics/ ROS, computer vision, machine learning are a huge plus.

If you’re an enthusiastic self-starter who thrives in ambiguous environments, thinks outside the box, and wants to play a pivotal role in designing autonomous heavy equipment we encourage you to apply!
About the job
Job Brief
Aurora Flight Sciences is a world-leader in developing robot hardware and software for new aerospace applications. Click to apply and find out more!

Job Qualifications

Aurora Flight Sciences is a world-leader in developing robot hardware for new aerospace applications. We develop and apply state-of-the-art technologies in sensing, actuation, planning, design, and system verification & validation to bring innovative robot prototypes to life.

Specific Responsibilities
The Robotics Engineer contributes to conceptualizing, designing, building, testing, and demonstrating robot prototypes, in dynamic simulation, controlled lab settings, hardware-in-the-loop aircraft simulations, and in flight on full-scale aircraft.
Position is available for both hardware and software-oriented roboticists.
Minimum Requirements
0 – 10 years experience.
Must be a US Person (citizen or permanent resident)
Candidates must have demonstrated interest and ability to design and build robots.
Candidates must have excellence in at least one of the following, and a working knowledge or interest in a majority of the others:
Real-time computation
Power electronics
Trajectory planning
Electromechanical system design
Machine vision
Rapid prototyping
Dynamic simulation
Tactile sensing
Math
Low-level motor control
Acceptance testing of physical robot hardware
Real-time control of multi-DOF robots
Software engineering
Communication protocols
Embedded systems
Candidates should have a zeal for working on high-functioning and diverse teams and for making real systems work.
Physical Requirements
Occasionally required to travel

Aurora Company Overview

Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing Company, is a leader in the development and manufacturing of advanced unmanned systems and aerospace vehicles. Our mission is to apply autonomy and robotics to the development, production, and operation of advanced aircraft. During the last three decades, Aurora has designed, rapid-prototyped, and flown an average of one new vehicle a year for both government and commercial customers. Now, as an independent subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to shape the future of aerospace systems.
Equal Opportunity Employer
Aurora Flight Sciences, A Boeing Company, is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
About the job
Job description:
Bachelor's (BS) or Master's (MS) degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering
Experience in C, C++, and/or Python programming
Real-time embedded software development or other hardware-related skills
Knowledge or relevant course work in microcontrollers and system level programming
0 to 2 years of software development/testing experience
Should have the capability to work in a dynamic work atmosphere
Excellent verbal, written and communication skills are required
GPA of 3.0 or higher is strongly preferred
About the job
X is Alphabet’s moonshot factory where uncomfortably ambitious, world-changing ideas are developed and taken out into the world. X projects have the potential to transform the lives of billions of people and make the world a radically better place. For X to be successful, we have to repeatedly turn breakthrough technology ideas into products that solve large problems in the world, and create meaningful businesses for Alphabet.

About The Team

We are a moonshot to protect the ocean and feed humanity sustainably. Our initial area of focus is on developing technologies that bring greater visibility and understanding of what's happening under the water. A link to our X blog post on the Tidal project is here .

About The Role

As a Software Engineer, you will design critical components of our software infrastructure. You will work directly with embedded and machine perception SWEs, electrical / mechanical engineers, research scientists and operations on field deployed hardware in harsh environments.

How You Will Make 10X Impact
Develop embedded Linux software for custom hardware
Develop real-time software to aggregate sensor data and control actuators
Integrate cameras, sensors, and motor controllers
Develop integration and reliability test suites

What You Should Have
BS in Computer Science, or an engineering field, or equivalent practical experience.
Strong experience with C++, embedded Linux, and real-time operating systems
Interest and ability to work at all levels of the software stack - from the embedded real time software to the cloud-based backend
Appreciation of performance implications of resource constraints (CPU, GPU, network bandwidth, latency)
Ability to jump to random new tasks in a fast paced project to get things done / learn new things on a daily basis

It’d Be Great If You Also Had These
Experience with threading/locks/synchronization in a real-time environment
Experience with performance oriented programming in a resource constrained platform
Experience shipping end-to-end electronics products
Experience in distributed systems
Experience with RPC frameworks such as gRPC
Experience using lab equipment like multimeters, logic analyzers, and oscilloscopes.

About X, The Moonshot Factory

X creates radical new technologies to solve some of the world’s biggest problems. We develop uncomfortably ambitious, potentially world-changing new ideas such as self-driving cars, balloon-powered Internet and smart contact lenses. We’re a team of makers, entrepreneurs, engineers, designers and scientists with deep technical expertise who love the challenge of the seemingly impossible. We believe that a culture of psychological safety creates the foundation of trust and respect necessary to build moonshots. X was formerly known as Google[x] and is part of Alphabet .
About the job
Summary Role

Under direct supervision, participates in software development including design, analysis, preparation, coding and testing of executable code. Assists in writing, modifying and maintaining simpler software programs from manufacturers. May provide bug verification, release testing or beta support. Handles special projects, as assigned.

In this role as an Embedded Software Engineer you will:

Engage in all aspects of product development ranging from system level design and requirements analysis through code development and testing
Work with NPI and sustaining engineering teams in development and execution of product enhancements, product upgrades, and new product introductions
Drive continuous improvement initiatives related to embedded product functionality and team processes
Design using object-oriented techniques and associated languages
Analyze embedded code to determine root cause of defects and implement corrective action
Develop systems using real-time embedded operating systems (VxWorks, QNX, etc.)
Develop and implement embedded software ranging from high-level application to low-level hardware device drivers
Perform Third Party Review of firmware development code


Basic qualifications:|

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related engineering discipline from an accredited university or college.
Experience using C/C++ programming language.


Desired qualifications:

Experience related to embedded product development.
Strong oral, written communication and presentation skills.
Able to work well with global teams, including time-zone flexibility
Demonstrated skills of C / C++ programming language
Experience creating an embedded application, deploying to an embedded target, and debugging from an embedded target
Experience troubleshooting customer issues
Green Belt certified and DFSS trained
About the job
Passionate about writing C code? Lower level? Have the desire to understand down to the bare metal? We Conquer Complexity. If you have relentless desire to understand how things work (especially in an engine), message me.
About the job

About Zipline:

Do you want to change the world? Zipline uses drones to deliver critical and life-saving medicine to thousands of hospitals serving millions of people in multiple countries. Our mission is to provide every human on Earth with instant access to vital medical supplies. Join Zipline and help us make this a reality for billions of people.

Zipline is at the forefront of a logistics revolution, using autonomous aircraft to deliver just-in-time, lifesaving medical supplies on multiple continents, 7 days a week. We believe access to medical care should not depend on your GPS coordinates.

About the Role:

Zipline is looking for experienced Senior Embedded Systems Engineers to create and improve upon a reliable software platform for our autonomous aircraft and ground systems. Engineers come into the office as needed during the pandemic. As public health restrictions are lifted, we are excited to collaborate and innovate together in-person at our office in South San Francisco.

Leading the charge in drone delivery often means exceeding the capabilities of what's available off the shelf, and as a result we are engineering the majority of our system in-house. Inventing new robots and doubling down on the reliability of our systems is the critical path to serving the next 1 Billion people.

To get there, our team will have to:

Refactor and test all the software for our aircraft recovery system
Design an online battery state of charge estimation algorithm
Select components for next generation systems
Run flight controls and perception in real time on embedded linux
Upgrade message passing interfaces to support a multi-repo strategy
Implement a real-time failover to a backup flight processor
Scale our flight software to complete 10,000 life-saving deliveries a day
And much more!

Tackling these challenges takes more than any one individual. Our goal is to hire multiple exceptional embedded engineers to join our team, which means your specific responsibilities will depend on your skills and interests.

What You'll Bring:

You write quality code fast--Code that is correct, easy to read, tested, with friendly APIs. Quality is important because our systems are controlling large amounts of energy in close proximity to people. Quality is also important because many other software engineers at Zipline build software on top of the foundation that the embedded team sets. "Fast" is important because we are impatient to achieve our mission!

You are excited to leverage code to solve problems that exist in the physical world. Our systems interact directly with the physical world and there often won't be a human nearby to intervene. This means that your software is written with laws of physics and Murphy's law in mind.

You are familiar with the breadth of tools available to embedded systems engineers and pick the right tool for the problem. These include processors, sensors, operating systems, and software libraries. This is important because many problems have been solved already, and picking the wrong tool leads to hampered development and frustration.

You design software that is part of a system. The engineered artifact created by an embedded systems engineer at Zipline is software, but that software is operating as part of a much larger system, whether it be Unix, a cellular network, or a battery management system.

MUST HAVES:

Professional experience building software in RTOS or Embedded Linux
Fluency writing embedded systems software in C and C++
Confidence writing simple production-ready Python programs
Confidence writing peripheral drivers based on an electrical schematic and datasheet
A habit of augmenting automated tests to verify embedded software. Engineers at Zipline write their own tests!
Excellent communication (written, verbal, and visual). You know how to tailor to your audience with the right level of technical depth


NICE TO HAVES:

Experience implementing and simulating controls and estimation algorithms for dynamic systems (e.g., state space, Kalman filters). We have a lot of moving parts!
Experience implementing perception on embedded systems
Experience using message passing frameworks such as LCM or ROS
A habit of using data analysis to verify embedded software.
A desire to use (or learn) Rust
You've deployed safety-critical embedded software


The ideal candidate may not have all of the following skills and experience. If any of these apply, you might be a good fit!

WHAT ELSE YOU NEED TO KNOW:

Zipline is an equal opportunity employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws or our own sensibilities.

We value diversity at Zipline and welcome applications from those who are traditionally underrepresented in tech. If you like the sound of this position but are not sure if you are the perfect fit, please apply!
About the job
Who We Are

Nuro is a robotics start-up whose mission is to accelerate the benefits of robotics for everyday life. We have an elite team of entrepreneurs and engineers, designers, and scientists. We believe AI and robotics are at the cusp of transforming daily life and we are dedicated to building meaningful products with this technology. Join us and play a critical role in our mission.

About The Role

Our robotics team is growing and we are looking for a self-motivated software engineer to help assure the quality of the hardware components of Nuro's robots.

About The Work
Develop and own in-house software tools to support tests and diagnostics
Work with the stakeholders of electrical and mechanical modules, e.g. brake, power, optical sensors, to align requirements, build and automate module level and vehicle tests including stress tests
Develop, automate and maintain software test setup


About You
Good experience with automated test and framework development, execution and maintenance
Excellent understanding and application of scripting language, such as Python
Good experience with C++
Experience with client/server programming
Good debugging, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills
Excellent communication and organizational skills
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or closely related field

Bonus Points
Experience with database applications
Experience with manufacturing environments and MES (manufacturing data systems)
System-level knowledge of software and hardware

Nuro is an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.
About the job
Job Description

Kearfott Corporation, a global avionics, motion control and navigation supplier for over 100 years, is a leader in the design and manufacture of precision motion control products and inertial control components. Our inertial guidance and navigation systems control military and commercial aircraft, military land vehicles, missiles, marine vehicles, satellites, and space instruments.

We are looking for talented individuals who want to be part of a world class work force. Join Kearfott and become part of a company that is recognized for technical expertise and respected world-wide as a ‘full service’ provider. For more information visit our website at www.kearfott.com.

Software Engineer

Responsibilities
Writing software for both embedded and PC based systems in order to support Kearfott’s range of products in the aerospace and defense markets.
Performing design, analysis, simulation, testing, review, and integration of software subsystems following defined software development processes.
Working with a cross functional engineering team to develop and support technically complex systems.


Required Skills

Required Skills
Minimum of a BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering.
Proficiency in C and Python (or similar high level scripting language).
Ability to read, critically analyze, and perform formal code reviews.
Ability to write clean and concise code to meet requirements & follow software coding standards.
Desire to work on highly technical and complex mission critical systems.
Strong communication abilities, both written and verbal, and interpersonal skills.
Must be legally authorized to work in the US, visa sponsorship not available.
Must be a U.S. Citizen or be a U.S. Permanent Residence Card Holder.


Desired Skills
Experience writing software for microcontrollers.
Ability to debug code, using software debuggers and/or other means.
Familiarity with hardware instrumentation such as using oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, etc.
Experience using Eclipse/TI Code Composer is a plus.


Equal Opportunity Employer

Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
About the job
Job Description

Keysight Technologies (formerly Agilent Technologies and Hewlett Packard earlier) is the premier electronic test and measurement company focused on high growth, global markets in the communications, electronics, and test software industries. If you use cell phones, tablets, PC's, cloud networks, or drive a modern automobile for example, then chances are Keysight test equipment have been critical to proving out those designs and testing them in their manufacturing process.

As a software development engineer, you will be part of an R&D team located in Colorado Springs, Colorado that is responsible for the development of Infiniium Oscilloscopes. You will apply your coursework to interesting and challenging hands-on projects. In this position you will work closely with and learn from both new and experienced engineers to understand requirements and functionality in order to develop hardware controlling software that will exercise and validate sophisticated embedded applications. Working with team members, and under the direction of the team's architect, you will be responsible for owning the development or enhancement specific area of product software.

Job Qualifications

Musts
New college graduate with Bachelor or Masters Degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science
Experience with a high level object oriented programming language such as C++.
Must have experience via course work or previous internships in developing a significant software application.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Strong problem solving skills.
Excellent teamwork skills.
Self-starter. Willing and able to quickly learn new applications and technologies.
Desired
Experience with designing and analyzing electronic circuits.
Completion of one or more Software Engineering Courses

Job Function

R&D

___________________________________________________________________________________

Careers Privacy Statement

***Keysight is an Equal Opportunity Employer.***

Keysight Technologies Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other protected categories under all applicable laws.

Candidates can be considered to work from the following locations:

Americas : United States : Colorado : Colorado Springs

Job ID : 39237

Colorado Pay Range: $74,670 - $124,000

Based on experience, education and skills, most offers will be between the minimum and the midpoint of the Salary Range listed above.
About the job
Robotic Research,  a leader in self-driving cars and trucks, is looking for engineers to join our team, developing cutting-edge technologies in the field of Autonomous Systems.

Job Summary: Robotics Software Engineer to support development of autonomous, unmanned systems, with specific focus on software development, and especially use of C/C++. Multiple positions available, entry to mid-level. Software will support autonomous navigation, path planning, sensor processing, perception and intelligent control for ground vehicles ranging from 20 pounds to 25 tons.

Duties include: Design and implement software using C/C++ in a Linux environment. Develop/improve algorithms for data processing and intelligent control of unmanned vehicles and sensor systems. Document activities, prepare technical reports, present results, and demonstrate system capabilities. Travel for field tests and project meetings may be required. Testing in outdoor conditions may be required.  

Qualifications:        
A highly qualified candidate will have the following:
·         Strong programming ability in C/C++
·         Familiarity with development in a Linux environment
·         Knowledge and hands-on experience with algorithm and software development applied to robotics is strongly desired. Desired areas of experience include:
o   Sensor processing (LIDAR, cameras, RADAR, inertial, etc.)
o   Computer Vision and Deep Learning
o   Path planning
o   Localization/navigation algorithms
o   SLAM
·         Candidate should be a self-motivated, flexible team player with good written and oral skills, able to work effectively in a fast-paced environment

U.S. citizenship required.  Ability to pass a government security clearance investigation and background check a must.

An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
 
About the job
FutureSoftIT is looking for a qualified Robot Programmer/Robotics Engineer for a permanent role based out of Greer, SC.

What You Will Be Doing
Programming industrial robots from scratch and writing complex robot software
Loading completed programs into the robots/controllers and configuring I/O
Installing, debugging, commissioning, and ongoing production support on-site at client facilities
Path teaching and vision teaching
Performing robotic simulations or robotic stations cells using various types of robotic simulation software


Required Experience/Skills/Qualifications
Strong and recent background in KUKA robots. Experience in FANUC and/or ABB is a plus.
Ability to perform Advanced Programming with KUKA robots.
Must be proficient with Robotic Path Teaching.
Experience setting up various robot communication protocols (i.e. DeviceNet, Profibus, ProfiNet, Ethernet IP).
Able to read Electrical and Pneumatic schematics and blueprints.
Strong Electrical troubleshooting skills.


Additional Preferred Experience
Robotic Simulation Experience.
Experience with Vision Systems.
Ability to do basic/intermediate programming in other programming languages (i.e. Visual Basic, C or C++ language).
Troubleshooting experience with PLC programs.
Ability to draw/update electrical prints.


Required Education/Training
An Associate’s or Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering, Electrical Engineering Technology, Industrial Automation, Mechatronics, or a related field
Equivalent field/on-the-job experience will be considered in lieu of a degree


Travel Requirements
This position will require frequent travel to client facilities to complete robotic system installs, start-ups, commissioning, debugging, and ongoing production support
Candidates must be willing to travel domestically and internationally 50-75% of the year and have a valid passport or the ability to obtain a passport

FutureSoftIT is looking for a qualified Robot Programmer/Robotics Engineer for a permanent role based out of Greer, SC.

Travel Requirements
This position will require frequent travel to client facilities to complete robotic system installs, start-ups, commissioning, debugging, and ongoing production support
Candidates must be willing to travel domestically and internationally 50-75% of the year and have a valid passport or the ability to obtain a passport
About the job
Aurora Overview

Bringing self-driving vehicles to our roads is the most transformative opportunity of our generation. Aurora is taking a fresh start with the development of self-driving technology, combining excellence in AI, rigorous engineering, and a team with decades of experience building robots that work.

Led by a team of seasoned experts, our mission is to deliver the benefits of self-driving technology safely, quickly, and broadly. We are designing the software and hardware to power the transportation of our future that will make our roads safer, give more people access to mobility, and reduce congestion and pollution in cities - improving the quality of life for all. The challenge in what we are endeavoring to achieve is transcendent; we are developing perhaps the world's most complex computing system and asking it to perform the task of transporting and keeping safe our most precious asset: human life.

Aurora hires people who are excited to build the future of transportation. We are searching for researchers and software engineers who are passionate about designing and deploying state-of-the-art computer vision and machine learning algorithms for autonomous driving.

Responsibilities

You will have the opportunity to work on different parts of the team’s responsibilities depending on your interests and experience, including object detection, classification, tracking, state estimation, scene understanding, sensor fusion, etc.
Research and develop cutting edge machine learning algorithms for the online Perception system
Guide the development of these algorithms from prototype to production - including training on large scale datasets, and deploying on a real time robotic platform
Design, build and maintain large scale production machine learning pipelines


Essential
PhD/MS/BS in Robotics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, or a related field
Excellent C++ programming and software design skills
Strong grasp of fundamentals: linear algebra, discrete and continuous optimization, supervised and unsupervised methods, generative and discriminative methods

Desirable
3+ years of relevant industry experience
Experience with perception sensors including LIDAR, radar, and cameras
Expertise in one or more focus areas: deep learning, online learning, sequential prediction, graphical models, structured prediction, sequential models, reinforcement learning, imitation learning, planning under uncertainty, Bayesian inference, model compression, multi-task learning, forecasting etc.

Working at Aurora

Our work has real purpose. Delivering the benefits of self-driving will save lives around the world, expand access to transportation, revitalize cities, and give people time back every day.

We’re one team. We’re inspired by the challenge of what we’re solving and the impact our work will have on society. Our camaraderie is built on respect for our work and the fundamental belief our success will be a result of working together.

The Founding Team

Aurora has assembled the most experienced leadership team in the space. Chris Urmson helped lead Carnegie Mellon’s efforts in Darpa’s Grand Challenges, then was a founding member of Google’s self-driving team. Sterling Anderson worked on the tech at MIT before leading Tesla’s Autopilot system. Drew Bagnell, also a Carnegie Mellon alum, is a machine learning expert who helped build Uber’s autonomy effort. At Aurora, these three continue to bring experts from all areas of the industry to the team. We are funded by Amazon, T Rowe Price, and some of Silicon Valley’s best venture capital firms, including Sequoia, Greylock and Index Ventures.
About the job
At RightHand Robotics, we have a rapidly growing and highly capable engineering team building robotic piece-picking solutions and deploying them around the globe. Our product has to be reliable enough to run non-stop on fleets of robots in the world's largest warehouses. If you're simultaneously excited and a bit terrified about what this could mean for you, good! If working hands-on with robots on a daily basis intrigues you, read on!

We are looking for an experienced software engineer to develop critical systems software for robots running in the field. This individual will work closely with our team of researchers to integrate state-of-the-art algorithms into our robot while preserving stability, consistent APIs, and system speed. A minimum of 2 years experience in software development required.

You will:

Design, develop, implement, and maintain key software components
Collaborate with other engineering teams to deploy solutions to address customer needs
Debug complex, real-time, multi-process systems

You have:

2+ years of Python development experience
1+ years working in a Linux development environment
Experience with software development tools (version control, automated testing, build tools)
BS in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Bonus:

Experience with robot middleware and messaging layers
Experience in C/C++
Debian package management, CMake
Experience in Computer Vision and Machine Learning
Linear Algebra and Geometry skills
Experience with Cloud Infrastructure

We offer:

Passionate and fun teammates
Flexible vacation and work schedule
401(k)
Generous premium coverage for medical and dental plans
Robots, galore!


RightHand Robotics (RHR) is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We have an ongoing commitment to the creation of a workplace free of discrimination and harassment. RHR recruits, hires, trains, and promotes individuals in all job titles without regard to race, color, sex, religion, ancestry, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, veteran status, marital status, genetic information, height, weight, or any other status protected by federal, state or local law. At RHR, we are committed to a fair and equitable workplace where everyone is a respected and a valued member of the team.
About the job
Job Description

See what you’re missing. Electronic Combat Solutions has technology, engineering and program teams that educate and mentor colleagues to deliver leading Electronic Warfare capabilities. We welcome all those who have big ideas, crave innovation, want to drive fielding velocity and have the passion to bring the warfighter home safe. With a 9/80 schedule, and every other Friday off, our flexible work environment provides you a chance to change the world without giving up your personal life. We put our customers first – exemplified by our mission: “We Protect Those Who Protect Us®.” Sound like a team you want to be a part of? Come build your career with BAE Systems.

Electronic Combat Systems is looking for a systems engineer to contribute to the technical development on a program within our defense portfolio. As a Systems Engineer, you will work as part of a cross-functional, multi-disciplinary team to design, integrate, debug, and test our Electronic Warfare systems. Focused on delivering innovative Electronic Warfare solutions through the lifecycle of system development which includes requirements development, design analysis, and integration & test.

Please note that pursuant to a government contract, this specific position requires US citizenship status

Required Education, Experience, & Skills Bachelor's Degree and 6 years work experience or equivalent experience

Must have experience in a technical discipline (software, hardware, systems)
Must have experience developing a product
Must be able to demonstrate ability to work both independently and in a team environment
Must possess an Active Secret ClearancePreferred Education, Experience, & Skills Experience with decomposing/deriving requirements
Experience with integration and test
Exposure to technical performance measurements
Exposure to identifying technical risksAbout BAE Systems Electronic Systems BAE Systems Electronic Systems is the global innovator behind game-changing defense and commercial electronics. Exploiting every electron, we push the limits of what is possible, giving our customers the edge and our employees opportunities to change the world. Our products and capabilities can be found everywhere – from the depths of the ocean to the far reaches of space. At our core are more than 14,000 highly talented Electronic Systems employees with the brightest minds in the industry, we make an impact – for our customers and the communities we serve.
About the job
Details

A Systems Engineer job working Seattle, WA is currently available through Belcan. To be considered for this role, you will work with various teams on testing the updates and ensuring there are no performance or functionality problems. Follow runbooks for daily team actions including troubleshooting, testing and deploying, but also updating those runbooks when there needs to be a change either for them being out of date or incorrect. Work with Security Engineering teams for implementing policy and permissions changes associated with the agent fleets.

Description

REQUIRED SKILLS
Familiarity with any modern scripting language (Python, Bash, etc.)
Familiarity with Unix operating systems (Mac/Linux):
macOS experience beyond normal day to day usage: Understands how to use a shell and command line tools/interfaces to accomplish tasks
Familiarity with continuous integration and continuous deployment systems
Required Skills
Familiarity with any modern scripting language (Python, Bash, etc.)
Familiarity with Unix operating systems (Mac/Linux):
macOS experience beyond normal day to day usage: Understands how to use a shell and command line tools/interfaces to accomplish tasks
Familiarity with continuous integration and continuous deployment systems
Preferred Skills
Prior Lab Management experience (up to 2 years)
Has dealt with Power/Network/HVAC and general Lab/Rack space issues.
Rack hardware install and cabling experience
Basic Networking experience: know the difference between static/dynamic IP"s and why you would use one vs. the other
Experience working with Android/FireOS and iOS
If you are interested in this job, please apply via the 'apply now' link provided. Belcan is a leading provider of qualified personnel to many of the world's most respected enterprises. We offer excellent opportunities for contract/temporary, temp-to-hire, and direct assignments in the engineering, IT, and professional fields. We are the employer of choice for thousands worldwide. Our overriding goal is to provide quality staffing solutions that help people, organizations, and communities succeed. Belcan is a team-driven Equal Opportunity Employer committed to workforce diversity. For more information, please visit our website at http://www.belcan.com.
About the job
Washington DC

Do you want to make a real difference in the world? At Architecture Technology Corporation (ATCorp), we do and we love doing it!

We believe in having a positive impact on people's lives. We accomplish this by working on state of the art technologies, like, real time large-scale projects for the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). Our work help keep our nations skies safer!

Our team in Washington DC is currently looking for the best problem solvers.

Are you a creative problem solver?

Are you the one your friends come to you for advice?

Are you the one your friends turn to when they need help settle an argument?

If you answered yes, we want to talk to you!

Did you know, our Systems Engineers are appearing on patents and are

writing the white papers that their peers are reading.

Who We Are

looking for:

Individuals who work independently, who are creative problem solvers, who don’t rely on Google to have all of the answers. We need individuals who think outside the box, who use cutting-edge ideas. If wearing headphones and jamming out at your desk is your idea of a good time, our team based, client centered work environment isn’t for you.

Our Systems Engineers assist the FAA in making strategic decisions that directly impact air travel across the entire United States.

Qualifications

:
Bachelors Degree in; Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Software Development, Aerospace Engineering or related field
A team leader with exceptional communication skills
An expert in client relations
If you are ready to do something BIG we want to talk to you!

Why work with us?

First, we don’t just talk about our great work life balance and work culture, we truly live it. For the last seven years, we have won the When Work Works Award. In 2018, we were one of only ninety seven companies in the US who received the When Work Works Award. When Work Works, recognizes employers that excel at offering a variety of employee initiatives such as work-life fit policies, flexible scheduling and transition to parenthood programs. Two-thirds of an organization’s winning score is based on a survey of its employees. In short, our employees love working here.

Second, our benefits package is great! We offer; Award Winning Work Place, 40 Hour Work Week, Flexible Work Schedule, Competitive Pay ($65K - $150K), Generous Paid Time Off (PTO), Floating Holidays, Paid Holidays, Extended Leave Bank (ELB) (can be used for Paternity leave), 401(k) with employer matching, Health and Dental Insurance, Flexible Spending Account (FSA), Fitness Discounts, Long Term Disability (LTD), Short Term Disability (STD), Life Insurance, Jury Duty Pay, Bereavement Pay, Pet Bereavement Pay, Employee Assistance Program and Relocation (where applicable).

Work Authorization/Security Clearance:

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR
60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability.
Candidates will be required to pass a background check. Per government contract requirements, candidates for these positions must be a citizen of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence.

Systems Engineer

Reports to Technical Director

Job Summary

:

Design and or innovate new idea and technologies

Programming and research

Confirms product performance by designing and conducting tests

Extensive regular contact with assigned project clients

Participating in client/contractor meetings and resolving client/engineering and management project issues

Creating system and software architectures

Developing, testing, and deploying software

Large-scale Software Systems Integration and test

Building commercial products

Conduction research and development

Providing customized consulting services

Application of systems analysis techniques and procedures

Determine hardware, software or system functional specifications

Assist in achieving project goals

Work with multiple projects

Interface with various departments

Other jobs as assigned by supervisor

Abilities Required

Self-starter, able to drive projects to completion in circumstances where little guidance and support is available

Knowledge of Microsoft Office

Must play well with others

Status: Full-time, Exempt

Disclaimer - The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

Powered by JazzHR

oC9QBqJEY6
About the job
Description

Description

NEW GRADS

At Enphase, we think big. We’re on a mission to bring solar energy to the next level, one where it’s ready to meet the energy demands of an entire globe. As we work towards our vision for a solar-powered planet, we need visionary and talented recent graduates to join our team as Systems Engineers.

We are looking for broad skill sets - engineers interested and capable of contributing on several of many possible topics. These include embedded software, bare metal firmware, hardware design, control systems, test automation, system requirements and architecture, wireless communication, and others.

We are a values driven company and we are committed to innovation, quality and responsibility. If these are your values, too, you could be the next to join us on our quest for a more sustainable planet.

Responsibilities

Address system-level challenges for Enphase's microgrid products

Focus on system-level control design

Software implementation, testing, and requirements definitions

Minimum Qualifications

BS, MS, or Ph.D. in a relevant engineering major, such as electrical, computer, mechanical, software, or a formal systems engineering program.

Technical Capabilities or Experience in some or many of the following:

IoT experience, including cloud backends

Wireless – Zigbee, Sub GHz, Bluetooth

MCU working knowledge (programming boards, using bootloaders, register maps, map files, read schematics)

Programming – C, C++, and/or Python

Precise documentation skills - attention to detail

Communication protocols – IP, SPI, UART, etc.

Bench skills - lots of hands-on experience, likes to experiment and tinker

Knows at least a little about a wide variety of related topics

What would make you stand out?

Integration of communication protocols, such as Zigbee, Bluetooth, BLE, WiFi, and power line carrier

Solar, energy storage, and microgrid products

Electrical grid knowledge/coursework
About the job
Near Earth Autonomy is looking for Robotic Systems Engineers to implement and deploy solutions for aerial mobility and inspection applications. This is primarily a software-oriented position, including frequent communication with algorithm designers and software engineers. You will provide input to electrical and mechanical engineers and understand their resulting designs; once the hardware is produced, work will typically be with the software portion of the system.

This is a hands-on role. You are expected to attend flight tests; most of these are local to the Pittsburgh area, while travel outside the area will occasionally be required. You are expected to work closely with the system and be comfortable analyzing data. You will be a part of the team building the system and will make decisions affecting engineers working on modules within the system. As a system designer, you will advise the team regarding modules to be produced by other engineers. Direct tasking of other engineers will depend on your seniority and the size of the team.

Senior and junior positions are available.

Responsibilities And Duties

In this role, you will be called upon to develop a variety of aspects of the system, with duties such as:
Design and implement software systems for robotics
Create modular system architectures with well-defined interfaces between modules
Design and implement the mission executive particular to the application
Be responsible for system performance
Analyze and understand system behavior
Design and execute system test plans
Lead and participate actively in system debugging -- triage and root cause analysis
Communicate system performance results to upper-level management and external customers

Qualifications And Skills
Bachelor's degree in Robotics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related discipline
Experience programming in C++ in a Linux environment, preferably using the Robot Operating System (ROS) framework
Experience interfacing with standard localization, perception, and planning algorithms
Working knowledge of lidar sensors, cameras, and inertial navigation systems
Working knowledge of embedded systems, sensors, actuators, and/or other electromechanical devices
Experience in field testing robotic systems

Benefits
Compensation compatible with qualification
401(k) plan
Health, dental, and vision benefits
Life insurance; long-term and short-term disability benefits

Company Overview

At Near Earth Autonomy, we are building the future of flight by creating autonomy systems that enable aerial vehicles to fly themselves safely and efficiently. When you join our company, you will get a spot on a team with the best minds in robotics and aerospace working to solve some of the hardest problems in the industry. You will write algorithms to keep aircraft safe by detecting wires hundreds of feet away, implement programs that map the world by processing hundreds of thousands of lidar data points per second, design sensor enclosures that can withstand the vibrations of helicopter blades spinning at 400 rpm, and participate in flight tests to watch your technology in action. You will collaborate with mentors and teammates who are happy to share their expertise and help you grow professionally.

Here, you will find the reputation of a well-established company combined with the meritocratic structure, dynamic culture, and personal ownership of a start-up. You will be able to discuss the company strategy with our CEO over tacos, talk shop with our CTO on a walk through the 640-acre park next to our office, share your cooking skills with your colleagues in the annual chili cook-off, and wear the company uniform playing on our soccer and rowing teams.

We are a community of valued individuals who understand that life happens outside of the office. We are flexible and accommodating to our staffs needs, particularly when unexpected situations arise such as needing to take care of home life and family. Our compensation package includes a salary that enables a comfortable life, stock options that reward employees for long-term loyalty, a 401k retirement plan, and medical, dental, and vision benefits.

We are looking for women and men who want to revolutionize aerial delivery, transport, and inspection. If you are up for the challenge, please submit your application, come on board, and let your passion take flight.

SDL2019-64
About the job
Maxar is seeking to hire a Systems Engineer to join our Tactical Ground Programs (TGP) team in Westminster, CO. We are seeking a cross-functional team member who can interact with systems and software engineers, configuration management specialists, and system security specialists. This technical team supports the US Government by providing systems engineering, software engineering, and satellite downlink expertise to develop and deploy satellite remote GEOINT processing and exploitation ground systems. This position will provide support to the integrated hardware and software systems. In this role, you will work in an Agile Scrum environment working across functional teams.

Responsibilities

Effectively work in a fast-paced development and operations support environment as part of an Agile Scrum team.
Provide technical expertise on cutting edge software and systems of systems design.
Plan and perform engineering research, design development, and other assignments in conformance with design, engineering, and customer specifications.
Improve operational excellence by aligning future architecture with current operations by focusing on requirements-driven design.
Engage with internal and external customers to ensure business objectives are met.
Work closely with program management teams to enable technical delivery objectives.
Engage with stakeholders to determine future ground station requirements.
Periodically participate in the on-site installation of the overall system, both hardware, and software.

Minimum Requirements

Must be U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain and maintain a Secret clearance.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a relevant technical degree.
5 years of relevant experience. In lieu of a formal degree, this position will allow 10 years of relevant experience.
Familiarity with DoD software policies and DoD system design requirements.
Ability to problem-solve from a holistic, systems approach.
Ability to delineate distractors versus issues.
Ability to travel internationally and domestically up to 10%.
Strong verbal and written communication skills to work in a collaborative team environment.
Ability to work in the Westminster, Colorado office.

Preferred Qualifications

Active Top Secret clearance, TS/SCI highly desirable.
Experience operating as a part of a System Engineering, Integration, and Test (SEIT) group.
Experience in satellite ground station operations, or equivalent experience in aerospace operations.
Experience in software container-based environments.
Experience with Atlassian Jira issue tracking software.
Agile development and/or SCRUM experience.
#cjpost
About the job
The Cobalt Robot is a complex system with a variety of hardware, software, and Linux subsystems that we are looking to mature with rigorous systems engineering and testing. You'll be able to create new testing and bringup processes from the ground up to improve our quality and manufacturing speed. This is a unique opportunity to work across all departments of Cobalt as we expand our fleet of robots and operations. Your responsibility will be to foresee mechanical, electrical, and systems failures before they happen and to design and run bringup tests that allow us to ship incredibly robust robots.

What you’ll do:
Root Cause complex issues that arise at the intersection of our operating system, hardware, and software.
Troubleshooting across complex multidisciplinary systems.
Think critically about the robot's reliability, our manufacturing processes, and create new testing plans to improve our quality and speed.
Design and create test stands with mechanical fixtures, arduino, python, and other rapid prototyping tools.
Write python tools to collect, analyze, and store data from manufacturing tests.
Work alongside our manufacturing technicians to assist them and better understand bottlenecks.

What you need:
2-5 years of Systems Engineering or Test experience
Comfortable with Python scripting
Comfortable with Linux debugging
Comfortable with electronic prototyping tools such as arduino or raspberry pi

Bonus Skills:
Experience working at a hardware startup
Experience with Ansible
Experience with robotics, and ROS
C/C++ or firmware experience
About the job
Role And Responsibilities

This position is contingent upon program award.

LOCATIONS: Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland; Huntsville, Alabama; Colorado Springs, Colorado

Position

: General Engineer I - V including General Engineer IV (Working Leader)

Summary

Evaluates, selects and applies standard engineering techniques, procedures and criteria, and makes adaptations and modifications, with varying levels of support based on level of position.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Position

s range from performing a variety of routine engineering tasks designed to provide experience and familiarization with engineering methods, practices, and programs with a high level of support, to independently evaluating, selecting, adapting, and modifying standard techniques and criteria in order to plan and conduct engineering assignment.
General Engineer I - Performs a variety of routine engineering tasks designed to provide experience and familiarization with engineering methods, practices, and programs. Works under the guidance and direction of an experienced engineer; assignments screened for unusual or difficult problems and techniques; or procedures to be applied to the solution of problems will be selected by an experienced engineer or the supervisor. Provides professional engineering support within allocated task resources. Performs limited portions of engineering tasks under the detailed direction of an experienced engineer. Applies commonly used equations and techniques to evaluate and solve assigned problems or systems. More specific requirements for Electronic, Mechanical, Network and Software positions follow.
General Engineer II - Performs routine work requiring application of standard techniques, procedures, and criteria in carrying out a sequence of related engineering tasks. Provides professional engineering support with increasing independent accomplishment. Assignments are screened for unusual or difficult problems; receives close supervision on new aspects of assignments. Duties and responsibilities include: performs specific and limited engineering tasks of a broader assignment under the direction of an experienced engineer; prepares computations, specifications, and reports of limited scope and complexity; applies standard practices and techniques in specific situations; and may be assisted by a few support personnel.
General Engineer III - Independently evaluates, selects and applies standard engineering techniques, procedures, and criteria, and makes minor adaptations and modifications. Provides independent and professional support on portions of complex projects. Specific assignment objectives, approaches, and possible solutions are reviewed for accuracy and completeness. Duties and responsibilities include: independently performs a project assignment that involves complex features and can be guided by codes, standards, and other precedents of the discipline; analyzes and/or evaluates the results of an analysis using techniques prescribed by senior engineers or supervisors; and accomplishes tasks of which require investigation of a many variables.
General Engineer V - Independently evaluates, selects, adapts, and modifies standard techniques and criteria in order to plan and conduct engineering assignment. Performs project work through extensive knowledge of engineering practices and policies to devise new approaches to resolve problems. Operates with general instructions in an independent mode and receives guidance on special problems or when requested. Duties and responsibilities include: independently plans, schedules, conducts or coordinates detailed phases of engineering work through the selection and adaptation or modification of techniques, procedures, and criteria; analyzes complex features of the work and applies principles and practices of the discipline, or devises new approaches in problem solutions; thoroughly reviews all results from assigned tasks and determine if outputs are complete, correct, integrated with project objectives, and adequately documented; and independently prepares (or directs others in the preparation of), computation/analyses, specifications, and technical reports in the specific area of technical expertise; selects and applies engineering techniques and procedures to analyze and evaluate specific problems, data, or other features of the work which are broad in scope and complexity; and reviews and evaluates the quantity, quality, and overall adequacy of results and conclusions drawn from accomplishment of engineering tasks. Plans, designs, coordinates, executes, monitors, evaluates and reports test and evaluation of materiel, incorporating state-of-the-art technology and requiring substantial deviation from established test procedures and/or development of new test capability or instrumentation systems. Performs fundamental research, feasibility, engineering design or development of tests. Performs independently on projects having the characteristics described above. Attends meetings and conferences that relate to assigned area of responsibility and assists in the isolation and resolution of controversial and novel issues regarding items being developed and tested. Informs Government personnel about matters covered during meetings and information provided and received. Assists in scheduling tests and coordinating support requirements with test scheduling office and supporting organizational elements. Observes or participates in the execution of assigned tests as required. Monitors performance of the test item and adequacy of data collection, and facilitates range, test course and laboratory safety. Coordinates with others to assure all safety, security, environmental and community concerns are adequately addressed. Reviews the data collected for completeness, accuracy and validity. Analyzes test data in terms of serviceability, cost conditions where the item will be developed, etc., and prepares final test report outlining problem areas revealed during the test and making recommendations and conclusions as to the suitability of the materiel being tested. Due to the uniqueness and complexity of materiel being tested, the incumbent is required to prepare intricate, detailed and interpretative analysis of test results.
General Engineer IV (Working Leader) - May serve as working leader responsible for leading and providing technical advice and direction to personnel. Duties may include, but are not limited to, monitoring work; ensuring product quality, accuracy, and timeliness; consolidating reports for COR regarding status updates and billing; and reviewing collected data for completeness, accuracy, and validity. Coordinates with others to assure all safety, security, environmental, and community concerns are adequately addressed. Serves as an expert for providing technical guidance and information to meet requirements. Operates with general instructions; selected portions of work will be reviewed in detail to measure adequacy of approach, execution, and presentation. Duties and responsibilities include: devises new approaches to problems encountered and to accomplish assigned tasks with efficiency, dispatch, and thoroughness; independently prepares (or directs others in the preparation of), computation/analyses, specifications, and technical reports in the specific area of technical expertise; selects and applies engineering techniques and procedures to analyze and evaluate specific problems, data, or other features of the work which are broad in scope and complexity; and reviews and evaluates the quantity, quality, and overall adequacy of results and conclusions drawn from accomplishment of engineering tasks. Plans, designs, coordinates, executes, monitors, evaluates and reports test and evaluation of materiel, incorporating state-of-the-art technology and requiring substantial deviation from established test procedures and/or development of new test capability or instrumentation systems. Performs fundamental research, feasibility, engineering design or development of tests. Performs independently on projects having the characteristics described above. Attends meetings and conferences that relate to assigned area of responsibility and assists in the isolation and resolution of controversial and novel issues regarding items being developed and tested. Informs Government personnel about matters covered during meetings and information provided and received. Assists in scheduling tests and coordinating support requirements with test scheduling office and supporting organizational elements. Observes or participates in the execution of assigned tests as required. Monitors performance of the test item and adequacy of data collection, and facilitates range, test course and laboratory safety. Coordinates with others to assure all safety, security, environmental and community concerns are adequately addressed. Reviews the data collected for completeness, accuracy and validity. Analyzes test data in terms of serviceability, cost conditions where the item will be developed, etc., and prepares final test report outlining problem areas revealed during the test and making recommendations and conclusions as to the suitability of the material being tested. Due to the uniqueness and complexity of material being tested, required to prepare intricate, detailed and interpretative analysis of test results. QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS:
Education: Must possess a Bachelor’s Degree in engineering specialization or related discipline and one to ten years applicable experience (design development, and/or testing planning, reviewing, or executing testing of military systems) varying with level of position. A Master's degree may reduce the required amount of applicable experience. For higher levels (General Engineer IV (Working Leader) and General Engineer V), must possess a Master's Degree in Engineering specialization or related discipline and fifteen to twenty years applicable experience. A Doctorate Degree in Engineering specialization or related discipline may reduce the required amount of applicable experience.
Experience : Experience in DoD integrated test philosophy, test regulations, and coordinated test and evaluation programs are required. Must be familiar with DoD drawings, specifications practices, formats and procedures. Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmentalizes Information (TS/SCI) security clearance is required. Higher levels (General Engineer IV (Working Leader) and General Engineer V) require 3-5 years leading/supervising.
Clearance: TS/SCI
Work location: Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland; Huntsville, Alabama; Colorado Springs, Colorado
Travel: 5-10%
Security Responsibilities

Must comply with all company security and data protection / usage policies and procedures. Personally responsible for proper marking and handling of all information and materials, in any form. Shall not divulge any information, or afford access, to other employees not having a need-to-know. Shall not divulge information outside company without management approval. All government and proprietary information will be accessed and stored electronically on company provided resources.
Incumbent must be eligible for DoD Personal Security Clearance. Applicant selected will be subject to a security investigation and must be able to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; (TS/SCI) security clearance is required
Work Environment And Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines.
Must be able to travel and work overtime as necessary
Must be willing to work any shift or day of the week as required
Must be able to detect odors or hear noises, bangs, etc., or other sounds to detect problems or flaws in the functioning of simulators and its surrounding environment.
Other Duties

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for their job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

CAE USA Inc. is an EOE/AA employer and gives consideration for employment to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you’d like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here EEO is the Law poster .

PAY TRANSPARENCY NONDISCRIMINATION PROVISION The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.

Position

Type

Regular

CAE thanks all applicants for their interest. However, only those whose background and experience match the requirements of the role will be contacted.

Equal Employment Opportunity

At CAE, everyone is welcome to contribute to our success. With no exception.

As captured in our overarching value "One CAE", we’re proud to work as one passionate, boundaryless and inclusive team.

At CAE, all employees are welcome regardless of race, nationality, colour, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability or age.

The masculine form may be used in this job description solely for ease of reading, but refers to men, women and the gender diverse.
About the job
Take your next career step at ABB with a global team that is energizing the transformation of society and industry to achieve a more productive, sustainable future.

At ABB, we have the clear goal of driving diversity and inclusion across all dimensions: gender, LGBTQ+, abilities, ethnicity and generations. Together, we are embarking on a journey where each and every one of us, individually and collectively, welcomes and celebrates individual differences.

ABB's Robotics and Discrete Automation business is writing the future of flexible factory and smart machines by providing value-added solutions in robotics, machine and factory automation. Our integrated automation solutions, application expertise across a wide scope of industries, and our global presence deliver tangible customer value.

The quality and innovation of the engineering in our products, systems, and service offerings keep our customers ahead. Developing solutions for our customers all over the world and working on our market-leading technologies will challenge and enrich your work and your mind.

The role reports to the Operations Manager and is located in Auburn Hills, Michigan. As an Application Engineer, you will perform various engineering duties requiring the exercise of judgment and application of standard engineering principles and practices. Pursue initiatives to improve the effectiveness of the group and increase customer satisfaction. Coordinating with the design and development groups to determine effective applications, equipment, and methods to produce new products. It also includes providing consulting services to project execution operations–both internal and external. This position will focus on all applications in the General Industry.


Your Responsibilities
Perform various engineering tasks involving such functions as analysis, design, development, test, installation and service, while working from instructions, drawings, proposals, specifications, and other pertinent information. Design and develop robot simulations to effectively meet requirements and resolve problems.
Prepare specifications and related documents in accordance with requirements, established formats and general instructions. Review and analyze a variety of engineering data, documents and reports.
Consult with other engineering groups to ensure that specified engineering criteria are suitable for the proposed application, and recommend revisions, as appropriate. Plan, conduct or coordinate relatively straight-forward engineering analyses and tests, and prepare related reports and summaries, for review.
Design and develop complex models or simulations and apply advanced computer programs, analytical techniques, or control strategies to effectively meet requirements and resolve problems.
Duties require a thorough understanding of standard engineering theories, concepts, principles and techniques. Work is subject to a general overview to ensure quality.

Your background
Bachelor's Degree, preferably in Engineering, and minimum 3 years' experience in automation, application, proposals, support sales, project engineering, robotics, OR Associates Degree, preferably in a technical field, and 5 years' experience in automation, application, proposals, support sales, project engineering, robotics, OR High School Diploma / GED and 7 years' experience in automation, application, proposals, support sales, project engineering, robotics.
Candidates must already have a work authorization that allows them to work for ABB in the United States.
Open to travel about 40%
Highly preferred to have experience in RobotStudio, also experience with Machine tool tending, with projects for Electronics or General Industry segments,

More About Us
We look forward to receiving your application. If you want to discover more about ABB, take another look at our website www.abb.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action at ABB

ABB is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, citizen status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, marital status, family medical leave status, or protected veterans status. For more information regarding your (EEO) rights as an applicant, please visit the following websites:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm. http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf

As an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, applicants may request to review the Affirmative Action Plan of a particular ABB facility between the hours of 9:00 A.M. - 5:00 P.M. EST Monday through Friday by contacting an ABB HR Representative at 1-888-694-7762.

Protected veterans and qualified individuals with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access ABB's career site as a result of your disability. You may request reasonable accommodations by calling an ABB HR Representative at 1-888-694-7762 or by sending an email to US-AskHR@abb.com. Resumes and applications will not be accepted in this manner.
General Industry
About the job
Your journey to building a better world starts here!

WHO WE ARE

We help our customers deliver products that have a profound impact on people’s lives. From ultrasound units and 3D printing to network security applications and in flight Wi-Fi, we help create products that build a better world. Now, more than ever, we are making an impact as we support products used in the fight against COVID-19.

We’re a global team of over 19,000 Engineering, Manufacturing, Supply Chain and Aftermarket Service experts that partner with our customers to bring their products to life through inspired innovation and world-class customer service. As an employee of Plexus, we are committed to keeping you safe with newly implemented precautions such as virtual interviews, staggered start times across all shifts, enhanced cleaning processes, temperature screenings as you enter our facilities and requiring all employees to wear masks.

We are currently hiring for full-time, immediate, career opportunities. Whether you’re looking to start, make a change, or advance your career, find your path at Plexus and leave your mark on the world.

WHY YOU WILL LOVE IT Engaging and challenging projects that fulfill and develop you. People that support and inspire you to realize your full potential. A workplace centered on collaboration and integrity. At Plexus, we’re at our best when opportunities are met with passion, open communication and teamwork.

HOW YOU WILL DO IT



Purpose Statement: Lead the standardization of Plexus Automated Solution controls architecture. Including the design, development, analysis, production, and commercialization of innovative automation software solutions to aid advancement of Plexus Manufacturing. This position also leads deployment of those automation technologies, including robotics, controls, machine vision, etc. Ensures sustainment, support and employee training of Automated Solutions across all Plexus Manufacturing Solution sites.

Key Job Accountabilities:
Engage with global Plexus and customer stakeholders to understand solution requirements and how automated technologies may advance Plexus Manufacturing capability and Operational Excellence. Create formal definitions of requirements and, in concert with stakeholders, prioritize the requirements to ensure the most efficient, effective delivery of enhanced capabilities.
Produce automated controls hardware and software capabilities. Architect and develop hardware and software system concepts that satisfy the Automated Solution requirements gained by engaging with stakeholders. Lead global teams, both internal and external, responsible for programming and development of automation controls hardware and software capabilities. Including system hardware such as robots, cobots, PLCs, controllers, computer vison, and sensors. System software such as robot, PLC, machine vision, human machine interfaces, system performance and analysis software, interfaces to Manufacturing Execution Systems, and other interconnectivity as necessary.
Drive capability implementation in accordance with established standards documentation. Maintain and deliver controlled software releases to internal customers and external partners using appropriate configuration management tools. Develop training materials and documentation; provide initial “train-the-trainer” training to ensure effective employment of capabilities.
Provide deployment support and training for the regional SME’s to ensure consistent technology deployment. Maintain and propagate best practices and standard work for the capabilities. Provide ongoing technical support and capability upgrades over the life cycle of the platform. Plan for capability obsolescence and replacement.
Additional Accountabilities:
Mentor and help develop engineers and members of the extended automation team. Contribute to their understanding of controls hardware and software engineering, with focus on its relevance to the individual’s core areas of responsibility. Help build an overall awareness of sound engineering principles, considerations and applications. Assist with professional development of the team to grow talent and develop successors/ new leaders for Plexus.
Network with industry experts to stay current with industry trends relating to the development and control of automated solutions. Including enhancements to the user experience of the solution operator, technician, and engineer.
Support the continuous improvement of current systems to meet new customer demand and delivery goals. Includes the use of system data in conjunction with lean principles to drive world class productivity.
Additional duties as assigned.
Education/Experience Qualifications:
A minimum of a Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical, Mechanical or Software Engineering is required
1 years of related experience is required; 1 years of related experience is preferred.
An equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the key job accountabilities may be considered.

Other Qualifications:
Adept in programming 6-axis industrial robots, PLCs, single board computers and other automation peripherals using languages such as RSLogix, Codesys, Python, Fanuc TPP, UR Script, C# or C++
Extensive industry experience in designing and building electrical control panels to industry standards
Physical Requirements:
Ability to stand for extended periods of time
Work Environment:
The work setting should consist of a manufacturing environment with suitable lighting, comfortable temperatures, and a moderate noise level.
This document does not represent a contract of employment and is not intended to capture every possible assignment the incumbent could be asked to perform.

Some offers of employment are contingent upon successfully passing a drug screen and upon completion of a confidentiality agreement.

Our Values and How We Lead behaviors guide our processes. Plexus does not make employment decisions based on race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and encourage all to apply today!

Globally, our policy is to recruit people from wide and diverse backgrounds. However, our company does not typically undertake sponsorship, including for H-1B, TN, and other nonimmigrant visas. Additionally, certain positions require access to controlled goods and technologies subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or Export Administration Regulations (EAR). Applicants for these positions may need to be “U.S. persons.” “U.S. persons” are generally defined as U.S. citizens, nationals, lawful permanent residents (or, green card holders), individuals granted asylum, and individuals admitted as refugees.
About the job
With over 130 store and warehouse locations and more than 7,500 associates across the U.S. and Canada, Crate and Barrel is a dynamic and growing multi-channel furniture and housewares retailer. So we can continue to help others love how they live in moments that matter, the iconic brand is looking for a driven and passionate professional to raise the bar and join our Technology department as Enterprise Monitoring Engineer, located in our Northbrook, IL corporate office.

The Automation Engineer will be responsible for analyzing, recommending, deploying, configuring, and maintaining tools that assist us in managing, monitoring our IT infrastructure. In addition this position will be responsible for analyzing the environment for automation opportunities, prioritizing impact/effort, and driving these opportunities to closure.The main focus of the role will be in support of maintaining resilient network operations and providing efficient and effective end user support.
Partner with technical administrators, application developers, leaders, and other service desk and operations personnel to analyze tooling and automation needs. Determine existing capabilities and roadmap the path forward to better meet organizational demand.
Coordinate and execute projects associated with the installation, configuration, deployment and ongoing upkeep of management/monitoring tools and/or automation opportunities.
Analyze and recommend replacement solutions for existing service desk software (SLA management, Service Catalogue, Self Service, Knowledge Management, Automation/Bots), ITSM solutions (Incident, change, problem, release), and IT Asset Management Software. Manage and deploy solutions in coordination with business partners. Provide ongoing upkeep and support. Drive tooling integrations and enhancement.
Provide operational and project status reports.
Analyze the environment to provide insight into repeatable, automatable workload and drive opportunities to closure.
Drive the evaluation of new infrastructure monitoring, management, and automation technologies.
Recommend optimizations to the environment which improve delivery and performance for end users and customers.
Provide technical training to Service Desk, Operations, and relevant parties. Work to seed knowledge of automation in the organization and provide education on tooling that is available for use.
Serve as after hour, weekend and holiday support, as necessary.

What You'll Bring
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related field highly preferred
2+ Years experience preferred on a subset of listed technologies
Ability to work autonomously with minimal supervision
Attention to detail and interpersonal skills
Ability to write and present information and documentation
Ability to manage multiple issues at once
Knowledge of management and visibility tools & technologies for on premises and cloud solutions (e.g. Whatsupgold, Nagios, Zabbix, ManageEngine, Splunk, PRTG, vRealize Operations, Solarwinds, SCOM, DataDog, NetApp, New Relic, Netreo, ThousandEyes, LogicMonitor, Snort, Cacti, SumoLogic, etc)
Knowledge of ITSM, Service Desk, and Asset Management Solutions (e.g. SNOW, SAManage, BMC, FreshService, Jira/OpsGenie, Solarwinds, PagerDuty, Device42, etc)
Knowledge of scripting languages and applications (e.g. perl, tcl, powershell, python, awk, etc)
Knowledge of automation tooling (chatbots (e.g. RASA), RPA tools (UIPath/BluePrism), config management (Ansible/Puppet/Chef/SaltStack, Terraform), collaboration (e.g. Slack, Jira) ) and best practices for application
Knowledge of ITIL best practices
Ability to collaborate with technical peers across a highly dispersed work environment
Good written and verbal language skills (English)
The job description and other aspects of the job listed on this job posting should not be construed to contain every function/responsibility that may be required to be performed by an associate in this job. Associates are required to perform other related functions as assigned.

Crate: Corporate Office
About the job
Do you like a challenge? Do you enjoy programming and working with electrical/mechanical systems? That's great because we're looking for engineers who want to solve tough problems by creating software that interfaces with and controls hardware!

DMC Automation Engineers possess a broad understanding of engineering fundamentals and a desire to program. Working both independently and in teams, Automation Engineers will assist with project management and maintain communications with team members and clients. DMC works on a wide range of projects in a variety of industries from automotive to healthcare to food and beverage. Our engineers are constantly learning new technologies in order to continually provide cutting edge solutions.

Responsibilities

Engineer Level I
Program applications to meet & exceed customer requirements
Develop robust applications in accordance with DMC programming standards & best practices
Project planning/system architecture design assistance
Program implementation
Debug
System testing
Communicate with team members and clients
Documentation
Respond to customer needs
Travel to customer sites when needed
Commissioning of solutions at customer sites, including troubleshooting electrical and mechanical systems 

Engineer Level II (In addition to above responsibilities)
Perform programming and engineering tasks in supportive and leading roles at all stages of projects
System design and design assistance
Help train new employees
Convey knowledge in presentations, SOPs, knowledgebase articles, client case studies, and white papers
Develop & maintain relationships with key contacts, vendors, and clients
Assist in writing project proposals
Seek, identify, and discuss new opportunities with new & existing clients

Requirements

Engineer Level I (0-3 years relevant experience)
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical, Electrical, or Computer Engineering or related field
Demonstrated interest and ability to program, including text-based languages and object-oriented concepts  

Engineer Level II (2-5+ years relevant experience)
In addition to the above requirements, experience with multiple technologies, such as PLCs, Servo Control, LabVIEW, Machine Vision, etc.
Project-based development experience

Required Skills

Engineer Level I
Programming
Quickly learn new technologies
Possess complete grasp of scientific method of problem solving
Ability to follow patterns & build upon established models
Understand complex system designs
Ability to estimate time to complete familiar tasks

Engineer Level II (In addition to above skills)
Ability to create methodology to solve novel problems
Ability to design systems based upon previously used designs
Estimate your own and others' time for completion of familiar tasks
Write project proposals

Other Skills/Abilities
Customer Service
Communications
Technical Writing
General Admin

Please visit our website at www.dmcinfo.com or read some of our blogs to find out a little more about what you might be getting yourself into! 
About the job
Who We Are

Argo AI is in the business of building self-driving technology you can trust. With experienced leaders in the field and collaborative partnerships with some of the world’s largest automakers, we’re building self-driving technology that is engineered to scale globally and transform mobility for millions.

Talented individuals join our team because they share our purpose to make it safe, easy, and enjoyable for everyone to get around cities. We aspire to impact key industries that move people and goods, from ride hailing to deliveries.

Meet The Team

The Onboard Infrastructure Test, Tools, and Methodologies team covers a broad range of critical functions for the success of Argo's self driving platform. These include a full range of activities ranging from architecture, tools, bringup, integration, and software test.

The Engineer in Test is a role in software development. The primary task is to design and author software to ensure that the self driving platform can meet its requirements. It is a hands-on role involving day to day direct interaction with our product, and has a wide cross functional team interface. You will understand how every sensor plays a part in making the system work.

What You’ll Do
Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured modular test designs, test plans, and test cases
Responsible for development and execution of automated tests on unit test environments as well as hardware-in-loop systems
Interface with hardware, software, and systems engineering teams to identify system interactions that must be considered for testing
Provide insight into appropriate testing methodologies, tools, and harnesses. Participate in the creation of such
Quantify test results and specify quality metrics
What You'll Need To Succeed
Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics or a related field
Experience working with modern build and CI systems
Strong Python programming skills for developing and automating software and hardware tests
C programming skills applied to embedded Microcontroller/Microprocessor targets
A record of owning projects successfully and working in a fast paced environment
Ability to serve cross functional roles in a young company
Good experience writing concise, clear, and detailed engineering documentation
Strong presentation and communication skills
Open to occasional travel to remote offices, test facilities, engineering partners, or manufacturing partners
Nice To Haves
Experience in software development for embedded devices
Experience with debugging tools and methods for embedded targets
Experience with ISO 26262 testing processes, such as software unit and integration verification testing, is a plus
What We Offer You
High-quality individual and family medical, dental, and vision insurance
Competitive compensation packages
Employer-matched 401(k) retirement plan with immediate vesting
Employer-paid group term life insurance and the option to elect voluntary life insurance
Paid parental leave
Paid medical leave
Unlimited vacation
Complimentary daily lunches, beverages, and snacks
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Monthly wellness stipend
Professional development reimbursement
Employee assistance program
Discounted programs that include legal services, identity theft protection, pet insurance, and more
Company and team bonding outlets: employee resource groups, quarterly team activity stipend, and wellness initiatives
Our Background

Argo AI was founded in late 2016 by industry experts with extensive experience building robotic systems for commercial applications. Our once-small team has since grown into an over 1,000-person strong company with strategic partnerships with two of the world’s leading automakers: Ford and Volkswagen. Our self-driving system is the first with commercial deployment plans for Europe and the U.S., and thanks to an ability to tap into both automakers’ global reach, our technology platform has the largest geographic deployment potential of any self-driving technology to date.

At Argo AI, we believe that embracing differences delivers superior results. We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to an inclusive environment for all employees.
About the job


Responsibilities:
Develop embedded software for flow meter electronics.
Investigate issues reported from customers to resolve in a timely manner.
Develop specialized software to meet unique customer requirements not covered with standard products.
Document high and low level designs.
Clarify software requirements for product definitions and write Software Requirements Specifications.
Utilize requirements management tool to trace requirements back to marketing level requirements.
Use configuration management tool (PVCS) to version control source code and documentation.
Comply with software coding standards.
Development primarily in C, C++ with some assembly.
Participate in software project team efforts including planning, scheduling and technical execution


REQUIRED EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE & SKILLS:



BS Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering with one to three years experience in embedded software development.
Solid upfront design skills coupled with a process mindset for quality (design reviews, coding standards, etc.).
Familiarity with modern software development methods and tools extremely helpful (ObjectOriented Design, UML, debuggers, emulators, oscilloscopes, etc.).
Solid written and spoken communication skills
Proven track record participating on completed software projects



WHY EMERSON?



Our Commitment to Our People

We invest in our employees to ensure they have the marketplace knowledge, skills and competencies to compete and lead in a global economy. Our training programs focus on end-to-end development from onboarding through senior leadership.

Flexible and competitive benefits plans offer you the right options to meet your individual/family needs:  medical insurance plans, dental and vision coverage, 401(k), tuition reimbursement, and more.  We provide employees flexible time off plans including paid parental leave (maternal and paternal), vacation and holiday leave.

Our success is measured by the positive impact we make on people, our communities and the world in which we live.  Learn more about us! .

Our Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

At Emerson, we are committed to fostering a culture where every employee is valued and respected for their experiences and perspectives. We believe a diverse and inclusive work environment contributes to the rich exchange of ideas that inspires innovation and brings the best solutions to our customers. This philosophy is fundamental to living our company’s values and our responsibility to leave the world in a better place.

Diversity and Inclusion at Emerson is about welcoming, respecting, and valuing the differences each employee possesses. Inclusion is creating a real sense of engagement, belonging and connection for all employees. Learn more about our  Culture & Values  and about  Diversity & Inclusion at Emerson .


Work Authorization

Emerson will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States. This is not a position for which sponsorship will be provided. Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.


Equal Opportunity Employer

Emerson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment.

If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, you can request help by sending an email to  idisability.administrator@emerson.com . 

Our compensation philosophy is simple: we pay a competitive base salary, within the local market in which we operate, and reward performance during the annual merit review process. In accordance with Colorado EPEWA, the salary range for this role is $58,600 – $104,300 annually, commensurate with the skills, talent, capabilities, and experience each candidate brings to this role. A general description of employee benefits can be found at: emerson.com/careers.

Primary Location

United States-Colorado-Boulder

Other Locations

United States

Job Function

Engineering

Job Posting Date

Jan 29, 2021, 7:13:44 PM

Job Number: 21000923
About the job
Company:Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.

Job Area:Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Software Engineering

Job Overview:
Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

Before there were smartphones or smart cities, before autonomous cars or 360° virtual reality videos, there was our technology. Headquartered in San Diego, for over 30 years Qualcomm inventions have inspired others to make the impossible, possible. From 5G to artificial intelligence, from IoT to automotive and extended reality applications, Qualcomm is inventing the technologies of an intelligently connected future, spearheading research efforts for the next global wireless standard, and collaborating with industry leaders in the wireless value chain to make this future a commercial reality.

As a Software Engineer at Qualcomm you have the opportunity to push the boundaries of what exists and establish the new standards for tomorrow. Begin your career as an equal contributor on teams of world-class engineers to develop, implement and maintain wireless and multimedia application software for the world's leading-edge mobile, automotive, and IoT devices. Qualcomm is looking for the next generation of dreamers, inventors, rebels, risk takers, and pioneers to start innovating with them as early as January 2020.

Opportunities Include
Linux OS Development
Real time OS Development
Android Architecture
Kernel/Device Driver Development
Multimedia: Video, Display, Audio, Graphic, Core Power, Camera
Object Oriented and UI Design
Windows Mobile Development
Wireless Modem Software Development
RF Software Development
LTE, 4G/5G Software Development


Must have educational training and experience across the following skill sets:
C/C++ and object oriented design background
Development of real-time embedded software and device drivers
Mobile SW development for Windows Mobile, Android or Linux
Linux/UNIX, Linux Drivers, Linux Kernel
Wireless network protocols such as TCP/IP, SIP
CDMA/UMTS, wireless technologies


Education Requirements

Required: Bachelor's in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering

All Qualcomm employees are expected to actively support diversity on their teams, and in the Company.

Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies:Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.
About the job
Position Title: Junior Embedded Software Programmer

Salary: $60k-$70k

Location: Position is fully remote with some client meetings in the Oakland/Macomb area.

An Embedded Software Programmer is required to support the Engineering Division of GC Associates USA.

Skills And Knowledge Required For The Position

Support electronic controller development for Tier 1 suppliers and automotive OEMs for current projects. Work with other engineers on rapid growth technologies serving the military and commercial sectors. Experience with automotive software programming is preferred.

Education: Must have a bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related technical degree.

Additional Requirements: Must be a U.S. citizen and current MI-state resident.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
About the job
Bigger challenges. Bolder ideas. Global impact. At Viasat, we’re on a mission to deliver connections with the capacity to change the world. We’re the company behind the world’s fastest satellite internet service, with technology that’s helping to bridge the digital divide and improve life for our customers around the globe. By providing powerful new ways for people to connect with one another, gain greater access to education, entertainment, medical research, commerce, and much more, our team is empowering millions of customers worldwide.

We’re looking for passionate, innovative professionals to join our team and connect the world to more. You’ll work in a collaborative and inclusive environment that values diverse perspectives and continuous learning, and provides industry-leading benefits with unmatched opportunities for career growth. Our team is fearless in pursuit of new ideas and uncompromising in our quest to become the world’s first truly global Internet Service Provider. Interested in joining our mission? Take a look at career opportunities at Viasat today.

Job Responsibilities

Flexibility to work among different project teams dedicated to:
Cybersecurity software & systems engineering
Be a part of an agile multidisciplinary development team
Embedded systems software engineering
Embedded or applications developer
Distributed enterprise software applications
System infrastructure development; scripting, automation, data visualization & dashboarding

Requirements
Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science or Computer Engineering
Previous experience using C or C++
Previous experience using java or python
Ability to pick up new software, frameworks and APIs
Strong communication and teamwork skills
Excellent software design, problem solving, and debugging skills
Experience with or desire to learn Linux
Ability to travel up to 10%
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance
Preferences
Previous internship experience is a plus
Courses in software architecture are a plus
Experience with developing software monitoring and control software
Familiarity with configuration management tools, development tools (Eclipse or Visual Studio), and agile development methodologies
Knowledge of TCP/IP network fundamentals

To learn more a bout this site and ot her office locations, please click
About the job
Job Description – Junior Controls Engineer

We are seeking a Junior Controls Engineer to join our team! You will be responsible for the design and development of new, and upgrade/retrofit of existing intelligent systems and industrial controls. You will work with new and existing customers and leverage modern technologies and practices to streamline their control systems. You will be responsible for system concept design, component selection, proposal development, project execution and customer support.

What Is Needed In This Role

Previous experience in industrial automation, process engineering, machine controls or other related fields
Programming from scratch and modifications of PLCs, HMIs, Servo Drives, Vision Systems and other automation components for new equipment.
Experience with Factory Talk View SE Client/Server Distributed architecture
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills
Deadline and detail-oriented
Self-starter
Highly interested and practiced in emerging technologies in the automation field
Ability to work alone or in a team environment
Good work ethic
Strong interpersonal skills
Travel to customer’ s for design reviews, start-ups, and troubleshooting support

Other Responsibilities (Overview)

Create and improve automated systems and processes using PLC, HMI/SCADA, VFD/Servo, and various sensor technologies.
Support the installation of both mechanical and controls upgrades
Conduct cost-analysis to determine advantages of system improvements
Research and implement new machinery and controls
Troubleshooting and support of existing equipment and control systems.
Coordinate with manufacturer/vendor specialists on the selection and design of automated solutions for various industries
Engage in every part of the project cycle from sales and estimating through design, delivery and closeout
What can you expect?
Competitive salary/package
Healthcare benefits, sick pay

If you are a Junior Controls Engineer, please apply now! Only local candidates will be considered for this role
About the job
Software Engineer
San Jose, CA
Posted 11 months ago
What You’ll Do

Innovium Inc is looking to hire recent college graduate that is interested in developing game changing, disruptive products for the cloud infrastructure, specifically in switch embedded system software development. Successful candidates must have a strong passion for the latest technologies and strong problem solving.

Who You’ll Work With

You’ll work closely with your peers on a team of skilled engineers designing and developing networking software for Innovium Switching Products.

Who You Are
You have a bachelor’s or master’s degree in Computer Science or related field
You have a knowledge in C programming and data structure concepts
You have a strong problem solving and troubleshooting skill
It would be a big plus if
You have a good understanding of Layer 2 / Layer 3 forwarding, networking protocols, ACL etc.
You have past experience in embedded system software development
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Why Innovium

In this early phase of our development, you will have the opportunity to solve many challenging problems and have a significant impact on the project and its success! You’ll be given the opportunity to develop industry changing products and work with a passionate and driven team.

Our Culture

Is Driven By

Innovation- We are different and better where it matters. We are proud of our aggressive and out-of-the-box thinking.

Execution- We take action. We are adaptive to change. We deliver results and always strive for improvement.

Collaboration & Communication- We streamline our teams to work across departments and functionalities so we can eliminate the bureaucracy and focus on collaboration.

Growth Mindset- We focus on analyzing and solving issues as a team. We foster an environment of continuous learning. We persist with a positive attitude and we don’t give up!

To apply for this job email your details to Careers3@innovium.com

Our Culture

Is Driven By

Innovation- We are different and better where it matters. We are proud of our aggressive and out-of-the-box thinking.

Execution- We take action. We are adaptive to change. We deliver results and always strive for improvement.

Collaboration & Communication- We streamline our teams to work across departments and functionalities so we can eliminate the bureaucracy and focus on collaboration.

Growth Mindset- We focus on analyzing and solving issues as a team. We foster an environment of continuous learning. We persist with a positive attitude and we don’t give up!
About the job
At August Home, we believe that the door to the home isn’t just about keeping your home safe from unwanted visitors. It’s also about letting the right people in - at the right times, on the right terms and always under the homeowner’s control. In addition we partner with a variety of brands and platforms to drive our ecosystem expansion, our in-home services and delivery access programs.

In 2017 we were acquired by ASSA ABLOY, the global leader in access solutions. As part of that acquisition we partnered with Yale, our sister brand. Both teams work together, as Smart Residential, to create best in class products, services and solutions for both the August Home and the Yale brands, often with a global footprint.

We’re excited to be adding a Firmware Engineer to our growing team! This is an engaging and challenging opportunity that plays an integral role within the organization. We are looking for a passionate individual who wants to live on the edge of technologies that bring software and hardware together, within the connected home.
 WHAT YOUR DAY LOOKS LIKE

Taking on challenging and high-visibility projects and delivering high-caliber results
Maintaining ownership over the August product portfolio (both present and future)
Working closely with the hardware team during the design phase of new products 
Collaborating with the mobile and server teams to implement cross-functional features
 
WHAT BRINGS SUCCESS TO THIS ROLE

An eagerness to learn and collaborate with team members across the organization
The commitment to own features and a pride in the platform
 
REQUIREMENTS 

1-2 years of professional experience, working on embedded systems
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equivalent
Familiarity with C, C++
Experience compiling, debugging, and bringing-up ARM/Cortex-M processors preferred
Knowledge of serial bus interfaces including I2C, SPI, UART
Working knowledge of building with Linux, FreeRTOS, or equivalent RTOS, and bare metal
A background in reading schematics and using oscilloscopes, preferred
Experience with BASH, Phython and Javascript would be beneficial
 
WHY IT’S AMAZING TO WORK AT AUGUST

Working with an incredibly passionate and intelligent team
Building products that solve real-world problems
100% employee coverage for medical, dental and vision 
Life insurance 
401k
COVID-19 supported WFH policies and efforts (amazing in-office benefits upon return)
Tuition and certification reimbursement 

 August is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We recruit, hire, train, promote, pay, and administer all personnel actions without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), sex stereotyping (including assumptions about a person’s appearance or behavior, gender roles, gender expression, or gender identity), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, military or veteran status, genetic information or other statuses protected by law. We interpret these protected statuses broadly to include both the actual status and any perceptions and assumptions made regarding these statuses.

San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance August will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About the job
About Applied

Autonomy is one of the leading technological advances of this century that will come to impact our lives. The work you’ll do at Applied will meaningfully accelerate the efforts of the top autonomy teams in the world. At Applied, you will have a unique perspective on the development of cutting edge technology while working with major players across the industry and the globe.

As the foremost enabler of autonomous vehicle development, Applied Intuition equips engineering and product teams with software that makes it faster, safer, and easier to bring autonomy to market. Applied’s suite of products, focused on simulation and analytics, delivers sophisticated infrastructure built for scale. Companies of all sizes use Applied to comprehensively test and rapidly accelerate their autonomous vehicle development. Headquartered in Silicon Valley with offices in Detroit, Tokyo, Munich, and Seoul, Applied is composed of software and automotive experts from the top companies in the world (such as Google, Amazon, Apple, Waymo, Tesla, Delphi, GM, and Bosch).

About The Role

(We are hiring for all levels of experience.)

We are looking for a bright Software Engineer interested in ensuring the success of cutting edge solutions to difficult problems in the autonomy space. Our test engineers work across our suite of products, tackling full-stack, infrastructure, robotics, and graphics problems as the last line of defense. At Applied, we encourage all engineers to take ownership over technical and product decisions, closely interact with users to collect feedback, and contribute to a thoughtful, dynamic team culture.

At Applied, You Will
Develop automated test frameworks for and ensure comprehensive test coverage over our complex web and desktop applications
Improve and maintain our test infrastructure to ensure our automated CI tests run quickly and reliably
Create test scripts to automate our manual testing processes and streamline overall design and performance verification testing
Collaborate within the engineering team to build detailed test programs for our infrastructure platform at the cutting edge of AV software development
Prioritize execution of test plans and procedures and identify performance margins
Own the sign-off of test results, analysis, and reports for ongoing improvements of testing requirements
We’re looking for someone who has:
B.S. in Computer Science, Software, Mechanical, Electrical, Physics, Mathematics, or similar engineering field
Hands-on experience testing, troubleshooting or debugging complex software systems
Proactive, organized, and good collaboration skills
High level of professionalism to nurture an ego-free culture

Nice To Have
Prior experience with either AV simulation, or vehicle simulation
About the job
EAVision is looking for a Robotics Software Engineers (from newly graduated to senior level) who will work on the autonomous drone and vehicle applications that are aimed at revolutionizing the agriculture industry. The candidate will work in a cross functional team to support, and/or design, implement, and integrate various robotics techniques and software features for the UAV/vehicle platforms. The challenges include achieving high performance, robustness, and safety requirements under the real-world autonomous operational conditions.
 EAVision is a growing company in its sixth year and it has been mass deploying autonomous agricultural drones and vehicles since 2019 and is targeting to reach 10 thousands daily operational flights in 2021. EAVision is a pioneer in fully autonomous industrial drones in the world. The candidate will have a chance to directly work on many aspects of the existing and the next-generation autonomous drone or vehicle, and grow with the company. 

Possible Responsibilities:
Design and develop robust, elegant, and quality embedded software for distributed real-time autonomous robotics systems in a fast-pace environment
Enhance, develop and implement robotics algorithms including: planning and decision, perception and awareness, sensor processing and fusion, machine learning and vision
Analyze software requirements, determine design feasibility, implement software framework and features
Contribute in areas of performance, scalability, reliability and maintainability of the product
Collaborate with local and international teams to develop and implement core technologies 

Qualifications:
Ph.D. or M.S. or B.S. in CS, CE, EE, robotics, or related fields
Strong capability in algorithm development, strong in rigorous logically thinking
Solid programming skill in C/C++
Solid understanding in object-oriented programming
Good knowledge and understanding in robotics
Experience in general software design and development, agile methodology, source control, documentation, test design
Experience in data structure design
Curious, desire to learn, and love to be challenged

Experience in one or more of the following skills could be a plus:
Matlab
Machine learning and vision development 
Developing production software code for robotics system
iOS/Android systems
About the job
Location

Redwood City, CA

About Dexterity

At Dexterity, we’re building robotic automation systems to perform pick-place-pack tasks in warehouses. Our end-to-end automation systems use intelligent software to enable human-like dexterity in commodity robot arms. Such intelligent robots will deeply impact the logistics industry and help realize a step change in logistics automation and supply chain productivity.

Dexterity is one of the fastest growing and best funded startups in the robot manipulation space. Come join our team of robot-obsessed engineers and help make intelligent robots a reality.

About The Role

At Dexterity, you will be developing software to enable real time control, low latency vision systems, optimal planners, and much more. You will be designing features to empower machine learning algorithms, cloud computing, anomaly detection, etc… for Dexterity’s robotics applications. You will develop introspection and debugging tools to understand the behavior of your software, and deploy it in the field.

Day-to-day Responsibilities (does not include all responsibilities)
Design, program, test, and debug software for robots and robotic systems.
Develop software for computer vision applications & robotics control.
Build and analyze pipelines of critical and non-critical data: introspecting on errors regarding decision making, planning, or inference.
Data analysis and modeling for improving robot performance.
Build machine learning pipelines to train, test, and infer continuously without human intervention.
Develop software to enable multiple robots to work collaboratively and safely.
Introspect on the performance (speed and quality) of control, vision, data software running on the robot system and develop optimizations to improve them.
Develop and deploy cloud software for data ingestion, analysis, and remote reporting/debugging of 1000s of robot systems.
Enable complex robotic systems to scale globally!
Desired Experience, Knowledge, Skills And Abilities
BS/MS/Ph.D. in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent experience.
Knowledge of Modern C++ and Python.
Good grasp of networking concepts.
Familiar with Linux.
Comfortable working with a lot of data: collection, storage, analysis.
Familiarity with wide array of software stack technologies:
Web communication (REST, HTTP)
Software communication (ZMQ, Redis, gRPC, etc…)
Databases
Common ML libraries and pipelines
Understanding of math, physics, data science, and CV/ML disciplines.
Solid understanding of algorithms and data structures
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
Equal Opportunity Employer

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
About the job
Our Company

As a first-mover in building in-space transportation and infrastructure technology, Momentus is at the forefront of the commercialization of space. With an experienced team of aerospace, propulsion, and robotics engineers, Momentus has developed a cost-effective and energy-efficient in-space transport system based on plasma water propulsion technology.

OUR PEOPLE

Daring problems require daring solutions. We boldly charge into uncharted territory knowing that no matter the outcome we will benefit from the journey and move closer to our goals no matter what. Our teams know that working at Momentus means more than building innovative technology, it means creating entirely new markets in the space economy. We are level-headed, business-minded strategic thinkers intent on providing immediate value to our customers today while simultaneously preparing for the vast possibilities of the future. If this sounds like you, we should talk.

Job Summary

Develop mission critical embedded software for custom space hardware including flight computers, propulsion systems, attitude sensors, and communication systems. Write code that flies in space on vehicles around the Earth, Moon, and soon other planets!

Responsibilities
Develop high-reliability firmware for spacecraft avionics
Help implement tools to assist in the software development process including tools for regression testing, HITL testing, and continuous integration
Support development of avionics units from requirements definition, to firmware development and testing, through on-orbit operation
Assist hardware engineers in component selection and defining system architecture
Basic Qualifications
BS in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, or similar technical discipline
Previous work experience in embedded software engineering
Preferred Skills And Experience
Fluent in C/C++ for microcontrollers
Comfortable writing bare-metal code and device drivers
Familiar with ARM Cortex architecture microprocessors
Experience with embedded software test practices including unit testing, software-in-the-loop (SITL) testing, hardware-in-the-loop (HITL) testing, and regression testing
Experience with scripting languages such as Python
Familiar with microcontroller peripherals such as ADCs, timers, memory interfaces, etc.
Familiar with high-speed digital interface including SPI, I2C, CAN, Ethernet, and USB
This is a full-time position in Santa Clara, California. This position requires access to export-controlled commodities, technical data, technology, software, and services. U.S. citizenship, U.S. legal permanent resident status, or protected person status under 8 U.S.C. Â
1324b(a)(3) is required
Momentus is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. Momentus is also an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity, creed, national origin, veteran status, disability, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, or any other protected class.

To all recruitment agencies: Momentus does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our employees or any company email. Momentus will not be responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
About the job
WeRide is a smart mobility start-up whose mission is to transform mobility with autonomous driving. We are committed to build better transportation experience that’s safe, efficient, affordable and joyful. We have an elite team of entrepreneurs and technologists who share the same passion and pursue continuous excellence in their work.

WeRide.ai is looking for general software engineers for planning and control team. In this impactful role, you will collaborate with a best-in-class team of engineers to tackle hard problems and help advance mobility solutions to improve everyday lives.

Responsibilities
Build robust solutions to cutting-edge driving problems creatively and collaboratively
Improve planner system health in terms of latency, resource utilization, edge cases and code quality
Grow an understanding of driving challenges, and be able to port experimental algorithms to real production
Improve software quality and productivity of the whole planner team

Requirements
Strong understanding in c++, data structures, operating systems
Experience in designing or solving engineering challenges in complicated systems
Experience in building tools to improve engineer productivity and quality
Knowledge about deep learning, ros, linear algebra, probability are preferred
WeRide.ai offers competitive salary depending on the experience. Employee benefits include:

Premium Medical, Dental and Vision Plan (No cost from employees or their families)

Free Daily Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner

Paid vacations and holidays

401K plan
About the job
Named by Rock Health as the Best Digital Health Company to Work For , Color is a leading healthcare technology company. Color is building and delivering technology-enabled healthcare to millions of people. Through partnerships with public and private partners including governments, employers and health systems, Color’s infrastructure and software enables large populations to receive essential healthcare services directly where they live or work. This includes testing and telehealth services for preventive health and infectious disease management.

Since March 2020, Color has mobilized to address the pandemic by leveraging its platform to scale COVID-19 testing programs around the country. Color’s platform is used by more than 100 major employers, universities and public health institutions, such as the City of San Francisco, the State of California and PerkinElmer, community-based efforts in Oakland, and others, to deliver critical health programs. For more information about Color and its response to COVID-19, visit www.color.com .

By investing in the technology that ensures easy and affordable access to healthcare, Color is creating the infrastructure that will serve us for decades to come. Apply to join Color and do some of the most important work of your career. If you are not sure that you're 100% qualified, but are up for the challenge - we want you to apply!

We are seeking a highly motivated robotic overlord to wrangle our semi-sentient liquid handling and sample processing robots into submission! The ideal candidate approaches problems creatively and with eagerness; you have probably designed a Raspberry Pi controlled device to needlessly automate some aspect of your life, just because you thought it would be fun! We’d love you to join our R&D team, to design new hardware, to build automated products and to create the world's highest throughput and highest quality molecular biology automation stack.

How You'll Contribute
Design, build and test automated liquid handling protocols to perform state-of-the-art next generation sequencing and general molecular biology applications.
Invent hardware and consumables to push the capabilities of traditional liquid handling robots to new limits.
Build clinical quality procedures that have the robustness and reproducibility that you’d want to use for your own healthcare needs.
Build vertically scalable automation that utilizes every minute of the work day, and every cubic inch of our clinical lab.
Work with our incredible clinical team to understand the pain-points of existing processes and build new software or hardware tools to streamline and make robots more efficient, and people more effective.

Our Ideal Candidate Will Have
B.S and/or M.Eng in electrical, mechanical, biotechnology or related field, or equivalent industry experience.
Demonstrated domain expertise in liquid handling, lab and/or manufacturing automation.
Utmost attention to quality, detail and the ability to record, track and document development projects.
Strong communication and presentation skills.
Eagerness to learn quickly in new areas.

Nice To Have
Experience shipping code in a clinical production environment.
Experience with next generation sequencing automation.
Familiarity with HSL, C Sharp and Python.
Experience driving innovation in the junction between software, robotics, and genetics.

Note: This position requires sustained work in a laboratory that will be receiving biological specimens that may include viruses for infectious diseases, including the COVID-19 virus (which is known to cause the coronavirus disease). Accordingly, this role involves the risk of infection. Color has implemented appropriate safety policies, training, processes, and equipment as per applicable guidelines.

Color is an equal opportunity employer. In accordance with anti-discrimination law, it is the purpose of this policy to effectuate these principles and mandates. Color prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type and affords equal employment opportunities to employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Color conforms to the spirit as well as to the letter of all applicable laws and regulations.
About the job
Company Description

Wish is a mobile e-commerce platform that flips traditional shopping on its head. We connect hundreds of millions of people with the widest selection of delightful, surprising, and—most importantly—affordable products delivered directly to their doors. Each day on Wish, millions of customers in more than 160 countries around the world discover new products. For our over 1 million merchant partners, anyone with a good idea and a mobile phone can instantly tap into a global market.

We're fueled by creating unique products and experiences that give people access to a new type of commerce, where all are welcome. If you’ve been searching for a supportive environment to chase your curiosity and use data to investigate the questions that matter most to you, this is the place.

Job Description

Wish is revolutionizing the e-commerce experience by providing the most efficient way to sell products on mobile. Our easy to use platform powers over 300,000 stores, fulfills over a million orders daily, and manages a catalog of millions of products. Our mission is to give everyone access to the most affordable, convenient, and fun shopping mall in the world. By leveraging a competitive, global supply chain of direct suppliers and avoiding retail costs, we offer anyone who owns a smartphone access to tens of millions of affordable goods. We’re looking for a talented individual who wants to make an immediate impact on a fast-growing company.

As a new grad software engineer in test, you'll be playing a pivotal role in building our test automation efforts across the entire Wish ecosystem. We are working with exciting new technologies and solving complex automation problems across different operating systems. If you are creative, customer-focused, have a passion for QA and test automation, and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment, this team is right for you

Responsibilities
As a Software Development Engineer in Test on this team, you will be contributing to the test automation and infrastructure development, test new design and architectural choices which have a significant impact on our systems, our business, and most importantly, our customers
Add to the existing test automation framework and test coverage.
Grow your knowledge of different Wish platforms and develop a working knowledge of the Wish tech stack at all levels of testing.
Setup and maintain our internal test environments.
Work on debugging and fixing test automation issues, related to the testing framework, test automation scripts, testing environment, and the entire Wish product.
Maintain the test pipeline and ensure pipeline failures are triaged properly and promptly.
You will be working directly with Developers, QA Engineers, and Product Managers to ensure quality development and quality of our applications and platforms by injecting automation earlier in the SDLC process...
Strive for fast and efficient feedback and communication in all aspects.

Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience
0 ~ 1 years of software engineering experience in Test Automation, Test Tooling, and infrastructure, or development operations.
Enjoy a problem solving driven environment where self-learning and self-service are encouraged.
Proficiency in at least one of the popular programming language such as Python, Java or Go
Hands-on experience with any test automation tool or framework. will be a plus
Familiarity with Git, Containers, frontend technologies, continuous integration systems (e.g. Jenkins, Travis, Gitlab) will be a plus
Strong analytical, problem-solving, and creative thinking skills.

Additional Information

Wish values diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. We do not discriminate based on any legally-protected class or characteristic. Employment decisions are made based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Individuals applying for positions at Wish, including California residents, can see our privacy policy here.
About the job
Skydio is the leading US drone manufacturer and world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from action sports enthusiasts to first responders.



The planning algorithms running onboard the vehicle define its behavior, giving our drones their character. You will contribute to the development and implementation of the core motion planning software, touching everything from the low-level stabilization and control, to high level, task specific frameworks.








At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multi-disciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employee's race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions), pregnancy, gender, gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, generic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
About the job
If you are an ASIC Engineer with experience, please read on!

We are an innovative cloud solutions startup located outside of San Francisco backed by incredible investors (funded Zoom, Fitbit, Cloudflare, Ring - to name a few)! Our company, with the help of industry leaders and incredible mentors, is disrupting the tech world, so we are looking for innovative and detail-oriented Hardware Design Engineers! Our product has already made an unbelievable impact and we are highly ranked amongst our industry for our cutting edge products.

If you are interested in learning and gaining ownership in a largely funded startup, then please apply!

What You Will Be Doing

As a Junior ASIC Engineer, you will join our team of industry leaders and dive into the fundamentals of HW engineering!

What You Need for this Position

Experience With a Majority Of The Following Skills
Graduate in Electrical Engineering or another related field
Solid grasp of HW fundamentals - Computer Architecture and VLSI
Verilog, System Verilog - Perl and Python are nice to have
C/C++
What's In It for You
VERY Competitive Salary: ($90,000 - $120,000 DOE)
Remote (now and after COVID)
Equity portion!!
Great PTO - we believe you deserve multiple breaks
Work with experts on groundbreaking hardware
Medical, Health, Vision Package
Startup environment with great perks and growth potential!
So, if you are an ASIC Engineer with experience, please apply today or send your resume to sydney@Optello.com!

Email Your Resume In Word To

Looking forward to receiving your resume through our website and going over the position with you. Clicking apply is the best way to apply, but you may also:

Sydney.FreemanSacker@Optello.com
Please do NOT change the email subject line in any way. You must keep the JobID: linkedin : SF2-1621528 -- in the email subject line for your application to be considered.***
Sydney Freeman Sacker - Associate Manager - Optello

Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

Optello is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
About the job
Job Title Automation Engineer Location San Jose, CA Duration Full Time Job details JD Good ScriptingCoding skills - Python Should have knowledge on HW domain. Participate in peer reviews of code and documents. Should have developed Test automation framework. Experience in writing new test scripts and test cases. Strong communication skills. ---------- Regards, Manjeet Kumar Technical Recruiter Noralogic Inc. 109 E 17th St, Cheyenne WY 82001 +1. mailto www.noralogic.com httpwww.noralogic.com USA WY, MD, NJ Mexico Guadalajara, Monterrey India Noida UP WBE and MBE company ISO 90012015 WY Top 50 Minority owned growing company
About the job
At Matician, our goal is to save people time and energy by circumventing mundane tasks inside the home. We believe that sensors and algorithms are finally good enough that we can apply Level 5 Autonomy and mobility in order to reimagine home devices. We are building great products to solve real problems and ship them to the people we love. Our mission-driven and tight-knit group values learning and curiosity in a high-risk, high-reward culture.

We're looking for a motivated Firmware Engineer to join us (pre-launch) on the ground floor, with runway for huge and immediate impact.

What you'll do
Develop, maintain, and test firmware for various system components
Evaluate firmware requirements for product features
Work with both EE and software teams to meet product requirements
Perform root cause analysis of system crashes and firmware/hardware failures
Be an integral member of our small software team
What we look for
Deep experience with embedded C/C++
Deep knowledge of at least one microcontroller family (ARM, PIC, AVR, etc.), plus for ARM
Knowledge of common communication protocols (e.g. USB, RS232, CAN, etc.)
Familiarity with working within a Linux environment
Working knowledge of basic electrical fundamentals
Comfort with fast-paced, startup atmosphere
Risk taking, a propensity for learning, and no fear of failure
We'd love to hear from you if...
You are genuinely motivated to help those around you
You are passionate about learning outside of your normal comfort zones
You love diagnosing complex technical issues
You are excited to do great work
If you got to this point, we hope you're feeling excited about this opportunity at Matician! Even if you don't feel that you meet every single requirement, we still encourage you to apply. We're eager to meet people who are keen to learn and are passionate about what Matician is building. We want to hear how you can contribute to our team in a variety of ways – not just the above boxes.
About the job
Kodiak was founded in April 2018 to develop autonomous technology that carries freight forward—so people, partners, and the planet thrive. Navigating highway environments presents vastly different challenges than urban streets. Kodiak’s experienced team has developed the industry’s most advanced technology stack purpose-built specifically for long-haul trucks. From our sensor fusion system that maximizes the value of every sensing modality, to our unique lightweight mapping solution that allows our trucks to navigate ever-changing highway construction zones, our world-class team of industry pioneers is bringing the benefits of autonomy to the $800B a year trucking industry quickly, safely, and efficiently.

We are looking for a highly skilled Perception Engineer to join us and solve real-world robotics problems.

In This Role, You Will
Be responsible for designing perception algorithms and implementing them in robust, efficient, and well-tested C++ code.
Solve real-world perception challenges such as lane detection, object detection and classification, tracking, sensor fusion, localization, mapping, or sensor calibration.
Integrate both novel and well-established techniques such as deep neural networks, decision trees, Kalman and particle filters, or point cloud processing on camera, laser, radar, and ultrasound data.
Collaborate closely with other experts on the team, including the planning and systems engineering team.
Qualifications
Strong technical background. BS, MS or PhD with 2+ years of academic or industry experience in designing and implementing perception algorithms. You are a skilled software engineer with experience in C++ and strong problem-solving skills. You are passionate about solving real-world robotics problems, and you have ideally worked on autonomous robots before. Prior knowledge of working with deep neural networks is a strong plus.
A team player. You take ownership and work with the team to deliver exceptional results. You are interested in the performance of the entire system across engineering disciplines.
Ability to build and iterate quickly. You enjoy working fast and smart, and you are comfortable in the earlier stages of developing an algorithm from scratch.
Hands on. You dig deep into important details such as the sensor driver if it improves the overall system. You like working with production machine learning pipelines, from dataset collection and labeling to training and validation.
Great communicator. You have experience writing clear, concise, and detailed documentation.
What We Offer
A place with big goals that we trust we can achieve.
A fast paced environment where we work with talented, committed and supportive teammates.
Equity and competitive pay. Every employee is a stakeholder in Kodiak’s success.
Excellent medical, dental and vision benefits.
Flexible PTO and generous parental leave policies.
A beautiful facility in Mountain View.
We love our dogs, so we are a dog friendly office!
At Kodiak, we strive to build a diverse community working towards our common company goals in a safe and collaborative environment where harassment of any kind is strictly prohibited. Kodiak is committed to equal opportunity employment regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law.
About the job
Embedded Software Engineer | San Jose, CA
 Founded in 2003, InvenSense Inc., a TDK Group Company, is the world’s leading provider of MEMS sensor platforms. InvenSense’s vision of Sensing Everything™ targets the consumer electronics and industrial markets with integrated Motion and Sound solutions. Our solutions combine MEMS (micro electrical mechanical systems) sensors, such as accelerometers, gyroscopes, compasses, and microphones with proprietary algorithms and firmware that intelligently process, synthesize, and calibrate the output of sensors, maximizing performance and accuracy. InvenSense’s motion tracking, audio and location platforms, and services can be found in many of the world’s largest and most iconic brands including smartphones, tablets, wearables, drones, gaming devices, internet of things, automotive products, and remote controls for smart TVs.
 InvenSense is headquartered in San Jose, CA, and has offices in Boston, China, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, France, Canada, Slovakia, and Italy. We’re looking for top-notch Engineers to join our global team. If you’re interested in being a part of our journey and helping us grow to become the leading provider of SoC platform solutions, we want to hear from you. 
 Mission
As an embedded software engineer with deep knowledge of embedded software’s technics and constraints, you will define, implement, and support TDK – Invensense products based on advanced architectures aiming at reducing power and memory consumption while providing state-of-the-art features.
 Our projects will lead you to work on various fields, ranging from Android Smartphone to the Internet of Things, including drones and wearables. In addition to motion sensors, our upcoming products will embed a pressure sensor, ultrasonic sensor, microphone, exposing new challenges for us. 

Your wide knowledge of the specifics of embedded software, HW/SW integration, system prototyping, and low-level debug your basis for implementing innovative designs and optimizing existing ones, helping us to face upcoming challenges.
Based in San Jose, CA as a full-time employee.
 Essential Skills and Experience
MS/BS in computer science, electronics, electrical engineering, or related field
Ability to understand, specify, implement, integrate, and debug embedded software code
Ability to profile and optimize code-size
In-depth knowledge of SoC hardware components and their software interfaces
Understanding of real-time fundamentals: interrupts, Interrupt Handling, DMA engines, user/kernel space, race conditions
Experience with HW accelerators and/or coprocessors
Experience with Host interface protocols such as SPI, I2C, I3C, and USB
Expert knowledge of C programming
Experience in platform bring-up and low-level debug
Strong understanding of software design techniques with experience of API design and maintaining backward compatibility
Problem-solving skills and ability to write accurate and thorough requirements.
Ability to work in autonomy and as a proactive team member
 Desirable Skills and Experience  
Experience with FPGA prototyping is a huge plus
Experience with high-level modeling languages such as System C or System Verilog is a plus
Knowledge of the ARM, RISC, and/or ARC architecture and tools
Experience with motion DSP firmware development and/or integration is a plus
Experience in motion, ultrasonic sensors, and microphone integration is a plus
Experience in assembler language (preferably with the ARM and RISC V instruction set) a plus
Experience with RTOS is a plus
Git source management
    
About the job
Greetings from L&T Technology Services Limited!

Please let me know if you would like to move forward with this below position.

Job title:                  C/C++ Engineer
Location:                 San Jose, CA
Duration:                Full Time (Permanent)

Job Description:
Experience C, C/C++ hands on development experience. (Must Have)
Hands on experience of Linux OS (Must Have)
Should possess good debugging skills and ability to solve system wide problems with a focus on Infrastructure, Signaling and Multi-Process/Thread synchronization and performance in Linux-like environment
Good communication skills to interact with different Client teams and at times with the Customer and ability to work under high pressure delivering highest quality software.
Strong knowledge of data structure, file system and memory mgmt.
About the job
At Intuitive, we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care. Through ingenuity and intelligent technology, we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints. Our mission is our guiding force; our culture is the DNA that makes us unique.

As a pioneer in robotic-assisted surgery (RAS), we have been expanding our innovations through technology to help make a difference in the world. For 25 years, human ingenuity has guided our journey to help solve some of healthcare’s complex challenges.

We believe a great idea can come from anywhere—inclusion and mutual respect are vital to our culture. We value character grounded in integrity, a strong capacity to learn, the energy to get things done, and diverse experiences to help us think in new ways. We actively invest in our team members to support their long-term growth so they can continue to advance our mission and strive to achieve their highest potential.

Join a team committed to taking big leaps forward for a global community of healthcare professionals and their patients. Together, let’s help to advance the world of minimally invasive care.

Primary Function Of Position

Intuitive Surgical, Inc. produces the da Vinci® Surgical System, a minimally invasive robotic surgery system that uses highly complex mechanics, replaceable instruments and accessories, and enhanced three-dimensional visualization to extend surgical technique and precision beyond the limits of the human hand.

The Software Engineer will develop and test new and innovative surgical energy generators and robotic instrument products for the Intuitive da Vinci Surgical System. He or she must excel in a high-energy team environment and be capable of making sound decisions when faced with the time pressures and incomplete information typical of new product development. The successful candidate must have strong technical depth in relevant areas and have a track record of successful product development efforts.

Role And Responsibilities
Represent Software Engineering on cross-functional project teams that design, test and develop next generation electrosurgical generator and robotic instrument products
Work closely with the hardware, software and system engineering teams to determine best methods to satisfy and verify design requirements and to ensure design outputs are successfully integrated into effective system designs
Support robotic instrument and generator development & testing across multiple development platforms
Develop, implement, test and document solutions for designs according to clinical and market requirements
Develop test methodologies to perform manual or automated software verification.
Provide rapid prototype firmware and iterative design support for the testing of new technology and to evaluate future product release content
Provide engineering support for resolution of field and manufacturing issues
Provide technical support to other company stakeholders on energy based surgical technologies
Support the quality and regulatory processes as required


Skill/Job Requirements
Minimum BS required, MS preferred (EE or CS preferred). Minimum 2 years of software development experience.
Experience developing complete firmware or software solutions for embedded systems using C/C++, Verilog or assembly language in Linux operating system.
Develop tests at module and system level in Python.
Debug software and perform reviews of test automation and application code.
Contribute to design documentation for test protocols, results and reports and complete tracing for all software requirements.
Assist in analysis of test and field data, identify non-conformance trends, generate concise executive summaries, and recommend design improvements.
Working knowledge of peripherals commonly used on embedded systems such as ADCs, DACs, PWM and waveform generation and serial communications (I2C, SPI, RS232)
Proven experience using electronic bench equipment such as oscilloscopes and function generators for the bring up and troubleshooting of hardware
Proven experience in a fast paced, high transaction environment providing solutions throughout the entire product lifecycle
Hands-on engineering with the proven ability to work well in a team environment
Familiarity with software configuration management tools, defect tracking tools and effective peer review techniques
Experience with designing products in an FDA or other regulated industry or for mission critical applications is desired; comfort with concepts of design input, design output, traceability, and risk analysis
Ability to communicate effectively (written, oral) across all levels and organizations
A real excitement to learn and get to the bottom of tough technical problems

Intuitive is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants and employees, and prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type, without regard to race, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, color, age, religion, protected veteran or disability status, genetic information or any other status protected under federal, state, or local applicable laws.

We will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in accordance with fair chance laws.

Shift : Shift 1 - Day

Travel : No
210667
About the job
Job Description

Auris Health, Inc., part of the Johnson & Johnson family of companies, is recruiting for a R&D Systems Engineer Data Science located in Redwood City, CA

Auris Health, Inc. is transforming medical intervention. By combining advancements in medical robotics, instrumentation, navigation, and data science, Auris is building a platform technology capable of expanding the applicability of robotics to a spectrum of medical procedures. Learn more about Auris Health at https://www.aurishealth.com/

The R&D Systems Engineer Data Science is responsible for the system level design and integration of capital equipment products that consist of electrical and electro-mechanical subsystems. You will work with multi-functional teams to design and develop groundbreaking medical devices through the use of data science! This is an excellent opportunity for you to have a key role bringing exciting new products to market while also providing the opportunity for professional growth!

You will understand the system from both a technical perspective and the user’s viewpoint, and drive definition and development of the Monarch system. We are looking for a candidate who can work independently and function well within a team. The candidate is flexible, self-motivated, curious and passionate about revolutionizing the world of medical robotics.

We are a technology company defining the future of medical intervention. By combining advancements in medical robotics, instrumentation, navigation and data science, we are building a platform technology capable of expanding the applicability of robotics to a spectrum of medical procedures.

Core Job Responsibilities
Serve as a liaison between clinical/marketing, program management, and the engineering design teams
Translate clinical and business needs to system requirements for engineering definition of the system
Generate use cases, trade studies, and risk assessments to facilitate systematic trade-off decisions and robust engineering solutions
Develop test methods to accurately characterize, and verify the system design against performance requirements
Build prototypes and fixtures for data acquisition and analysis
Work cross-disciplinarily to provide hands-on system troubleshooting and debugging
Utilize sound engineering methods and documentation processes to perform design reviews and failure mode analyses

Qualifications

Knowledge/Skills, Education, And Experience
Bachelor of Science Degree in Biomedical, Electrical, Computer Science, Mechanical or any related engineering field
2+ years working experience in industry or in a research environment - medical device experience is a plus
Proficiency with C++, Python, or Matlab is desired.
Good understanding of system lifecycle phases and design control processes
Ability to work independently as well as on a multifunctional team
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
You are knowledgeable in FDA and ISO regulations. FDA CFR Part 820 and/or ISO 13485 knowledge is preferred.
Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
About the job
Software Engineer - Robotics Perception
March, 2021
 Zadar Labs, a leader in imaging radar platforms for autonomous systems, is looking for a highly motivated Software Engineer to join their engineering team and contribute to the development of its next generation radar sensing and perception solutions.
 Job Description:
Design and implement sensor fusion algorithms for indoor and outdoor robots
Design and implement detection, perception and simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) 
 Qualifications:
BS, MS or PhD  degree in Robotics, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent
Experience in developing robot perception algorithms in ROS
Strong problem solving, debugging, and analytical skills
Hands-on experience with robotics algorithm development in C++/Matlab/Python
Experience with commonly used libraries such as OpenCV, OpenMV, Open3D, PCL
Experience with computer vision, and machine learning algorithms
Familiarity with graph-based mapping
Familiarity with Kalman filter and particle filtering
 Nice-to-have:
Analyze and optimize computer vision and radar data processing algorithms on GPU/DSP/CPU
Experience with IMU calibration and bias estimation
Experience with SLAM algorithms including multi-sensor fusion (Radar, Vision, LiDAR, and IMU)
  What's in it for you:
Be part of a venture-backed and fast growing start-up developing disruptive sensor products. Your ideas and work will become the foundation for all future product development at Zadar
Competitive compensation and meaningful equity. Comprehensive benefits package.
Unlimited PTO: take it when you need it. We know it takes a balanced life to bring your best self to work
About the job
Who designs your future? You do.

Are you looking for a career where you can showcase your technical aptitude and passion for problem solving to ensure your customers can work in a comfortable, safe, and energy-efficient environment? Then look to Siemens!

Join our team! Recognized by Fortune as World’s Most Admired Companies 2020

Our Culture

At Siemens, we live and foster an ownership culture, in which every employee takes personal responsibility for our company's success. We trust and empower our leaders to act as owners, direct their teams, and innovate to succeed. We communicate openly and honestly to learn from our failures and celebrate our successes. We recognize individual and team achievements frequently. We invest in our team members, offering a wide variety of internal and external development opportunities.

What You Will Do For Siemens Smart Infrastructure

As a Junior Embedded Firmware Developer for Siemens Building Products, you will participate within teams to improve and develop products for the commercial HVAC market with a focus on testing. You will be responsible for developing and testing products to satisfy customer needs and develop a platform to migrate the Propriety APOGEE System and the BACnet APOGEE system to the upgraded Global hardware platforms.

Responsibilities Include

Design, implement, test, solve, and enhance software applications for building automation components and sub-systems. Develop and run automated tests for verifying sub-system application functionality. Build and review documentation for internal process and external customer support. Collaborate with Sr Engineers to understand market requirements to implement product designs. Review and understand software methodologies for product design and model documentation. Collaborate in international, multi-site development in an agile environment. Follow detailed Siemens development processes. Participate in design alternatives via prototyping, peer programming and expert reviews. Hardworking and motivated to learn and keen to constantly improve and develop skills to know the newest technology trends. Participate in resolution of field problems in application of existing products. Ability to multitask, prioritize and meet deadlines in timely manner.

Required Knowledge/Skills, Education And Experience
Required education: Bachelor of Computer Science or related field
Required experience: Experience in assisting senior-level executives and their teams, with the proven ability to handle details and priorities in a fast-paced, driven environment in a high-tech company. Proficient in C, C++, Python and Microsoft Office applications.
Required travel: 10%
Other requirements:
Driven to meet time sensitive deadlines.
Able to work patiently with others in a sometimes stressful environment.
Proactively shares knowledge across own organization.
Outstanding communication, organization and efficiency.
Motivated with a proven track record of working independently with minimal direction.
Effectively represents company’s image in internal/external communications.
Strategic and creative problem solver.

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States

Benefits
Competitive salary based on qualifications
Health, dental, and vision plans with options
Matching 401(k)
Competitive flex vacation, holidays, and floating holidays
Paid parental leave
Company cell phone and laptop
Extensive product training and professional career development
Education and tuition reimbursement programs available


Organization: Smart Infrastructure

Company: Siemens Industry, Inc.

Experience Level: Early Professional

Job Type: Full-time

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.

EEO is the Law
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here .

Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here .

California Privacy Notice
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here .
About the job
Description

Position

at Logitech

The Streamers and Creators group at Logitech stands at the crossroads of audio, video, and control, building microphones, cameras and other devices and tools that give the freedom to creators to do what they do best, creating and publishing awesome content, without having to worry so much about technology.

We are looking for a test/automation engineer to join our firmware engineering team and help build out our automated test infrastructure, to be a great team member, willing to learn, pass on knowledge, and be passionate about having a real impact on keeping quality at the forefront of everything we do.

Job Description
Develop solutions for automated testing of embedded devices, including audio and video subsystems.
Responsible for the design and development of firmware and embedded software test methodologies and processes.
Work closely with development teams during all stages of product development to understand requirements, design test cases and write code to confirm functionality.
Understand communication protocols and how these impact testing low-level interactions with 3rd party devices.
Evaluate, implement and deploy test automation frameworks for modular testing, regression tests, stress tests, end-to-end tests and conformance tests.
Keep up to date with industry trends and be an advocate for best practices.
Key Skills
2+ years of proven development experience in C, C++ and scripting languages (eg: Python).
Be comfortable on the Linux command line, including scripting
Broad knowledge of version control systems (especially git)
Experience with architecting test methodologies and automation tests for firmware development.
Strong problem solving skills
Team player
Nice to have
Technologies we use include bluetooth, USB, audio, video streaming, and WiFi. Knowledge of these and the tools used to test them is a definite advantage.
Experience troubleshooting issues, including debugging techniques and tools
Low level system architecture knowledge, including a basic understanding of electrical schematics, and common busses
Logitech is the sweet spot for people who are passionate about products, making a mark, and having fun doing it. As a company, we’re small and flexible enough for every person to take initiative and make things happen. But we’re big enough in our portfolio, and reach, for those actions to have a global impact. That’s a pretty sweet spot to be in and we’re always striving to keep it that way.

“All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, age, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.”

If you require an accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at 510-713- 4866 for assistance.
About the job
Position Purpose

Development of health monitoring electronics for mechanical systems in the transportation sector.

Essential Functions
Develops robust, low-power, wireless condition monitoring sensors
Designs, validates, and ensures production readiness for small signal and power management circuitry and PCBs.
Optimizes power management of wireless sensors. Evaluates code improvements through empirical testing of power draw in various conditions.
Evaluates low-power hardware improvements along with energy storage and management technologies (batteries, super-capacitors, energy harvesting options, etc)
Coordinates the interface of microcontrollers with digital and analog sensors.
Completes interfacing with multiple ICs and systems using standard communication protocols (UART, I2C, SPI, etc.)
Creates PC level utilities for interfacing and debugging the embedded firmware, including program in the C Programming language
Provides and maintains test reports and proper design documentation
Ensures compliance of designs with applicable regulatory standards (RoHS, FCC, etc)
Maintains detailed action item lists for all development programs. Coordinates regular meetings with required resources to review and update program status, goals and action item. Works in conjunction with senior engineering manager to address resource or timing concerns.
Coordinates the technical design and test aspects of new development programs with suppliers and divisions in conjunction with the senior ATG management as required.
Provides continuous improvement through employee development, process improvement and elimination of waste. Helps to assure safety in the office and laboratory.


Education and Training
Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering . Electronics/Electrical/Computer Engineering or Mechatronics preferred
The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience with the following:
C / C++Programming
Hardware/Software Testing and Debugging
Experience with CANoe or similar CAN software desired
Knowledge of standard communication protocols used on heavy vehicles such as CAN (ISO, J-1939, J-1708), Serial (RS-232, 485).
Experience with wireless data communications including (RF, Bluetooth, Thread, Wi-Fi, etc)
Low-Power Microcontroller Development (preferably with the MSP430)
Circuit Layout (preferably with OrCAD PCB Editor)
Signal Conditioning and data acquisition at the ADC level.
Demonstrated ability to manage major development projects and meet deadlines.
Demonstrated product innovation.
Experience with managing multi-level projects


Minimum Qualifications

The following skills are desirable for the position and would help distinguish the candidate:
Experience in all or most of the following:
Software/coding experience: C++, Python, Embedded C, RTOS, Openthread, IPv6, IPv4, IEEE 802.15.4, CoaP Servers
Experience coding ARM based MCU’s, creating embedded C libraries.
Circuit Design and Prototyping (OrCAD, Eagle)
Cybersecurity for wireless electronics
Qualification Standards and Testing Procedures (FCC and Automotive markets)
Development of low-power electronics (battery)
PCB Level Soldering
Knowledge of Circuit Assembly and Mass Production

Hendrickson is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Primary Location

US-IL-Woodridge

Work Locations

Woodridge

Job

Engineering

Organization

Hendrickson Staff

Schedule

Regular

Shift

Standard

Job Type

Full-time

Job Level

Day Job

Job Posting

Jan 15, 2021, 11:23:08 AM
About the job
Our Client is working on improving transportation as we know it today. They are founded by three of the world’s largest leaders of self-driving cares. Their goal is to build the future of transportation.

We are searching for Software Engineers to be located in either their San Francisco and Palo Alto offices.He/She will architect, design and develop our core mapping algorithms, data-structures tools that enable autonomous operation.

Responsibilities
Define our mapping architecture and approach
Develop algorithms that create metrically correct descriptions of the world
Develop data structures that enable efficient queries about static parts of the driving environment

Essential
BS/MS or PhD in Robotics, Computer Science, or related field
Excellent C++ programming and software design skills to support high performance perception
Experience with perception sensors including LIDAR, radar, and cameras
Expertise in the design of very large adaptive data structures and familiarity with mapping and localization
Desirable
Experience with embedded Linux and real-time systems
Machine learning and labeling experience
About the job
Aether

Aether was founded in 2017 under the belief that synthetic biology is the key to building the post-scarcity future. In order to catalyze the next industrial revolution, we are building the world's highest throughput robotic laboratory, generating data on scales previously not possible to feed deep learning algorithms. We are building a diverse team of engineers, sci-fi nerds, and world-changers. We hope you can join us.

Team

Software | Biology R&D | Automation | Machine Learning | Operations

Machine Learning at Aether is responsible for building the models and algorithms to learn from the data generated by our lab, in order to design new and better enzymes to fulfill customer specifications. This involves data exploration, model and algorithm development, as well as infrastructure development for robust data pipelines and model scale-up. The Machine Learning team interfaces closely with the Software team for the management of the data lake, as well as the Biology R&D and Automation teams in the design of experiments to optimize enzymes.

Opportunity

To leverage the data our high-throughput laboratory generates, Aether requires sophisticated and scalable machine learning models. These models will define our ability to engineer biology and transition humanity to nanotechnology-based manufacturing. As an early member of our machine learning team, your ideas will shape the foundations of our deep learning platform, and we are searching for someone who is excited by the creative autonomy and technical rigor that this opportunity represents.

As a machine learning engineer, you will develop a deep understanding of the problem space, our current solutions, and potential next-generation solutions, evaluating them with the goal of developing an innovative, robust and cost-efficient machine learning platform optimized to service our customer needs. To accomplish these tasks, you will also work with the rest of the machine learning team to build out the ML infrastructure, making key decisions such as whether to use cloud or on-premise compute/storage, which tools should be built vs integrated from pre-built solutions, etc.

This is a highly interdisciplinary role, requiring collaboration with the R&D and Automatino teams too desgin the experiments to generate the data for training our models and understanding the results, with the Software team to define the data pipeline and workflows, and with the Operationos team too contextualize the goals of the Machine Learning team within Aether's broader goals.

Lastly, you will help grow a dynamic and talented team of machine learning engineers and play a critical role in defining the technical environment in which the team executes. Bringing about a nanotechnology revolution in manufacturing requires a machine learning platform at the cutting edge oof predictive performance, speed and scalability, and you believe you are up to this task.

In this role, you'll OWN:
Design, build and improve core predictive models and algorithms for Aether's enzyme engineering platform
Build tools to understand model results and communicate analyses to other teams
Making key strategic decisions on machine learning platform infrastructure
Accomplishing goals under project team timelines

In this role, you'll ASSIST with:
Building core model infrastructure, including data versioning and model development environment
Data exploration to guide wet lab experimental design, which would in turn feed data back to the models

What you will bring:
Excellent understanding of core deep learning concepts.
Experience implementing deep learning solutions in Python, at both research and production level.
Experience building infrastructure for deep learning systems.
Thrives on open-ended and challenging problems on unfamiliar datasets
Intuitive understanding of experimental design principles and an enthusiasm to learn about biology, chemistry, and automation processes
(Extra credit) Experience with leading successful interdisciplinary machine learning projects
(Extra credit) Experience growing a machine learning team and/or experience in rapidly growing startups
(Extra credit) Working knowledge of state-of-the-art protein modeling tools and/or cheminformatics tools


What You'll Learn
How to build one of the world's most advanced protein design algorithms, built on the largest enzymatic databases on the planet.
Machine Learning techniques as applied to biological data.
Working with a diverse group of people and across a diverse set of disciplines.

Month One
Understand/get familiar with Aether's technology and current workflows.
Gain familiarity with the problem we are tackling as well as current predictive models and performance
Gather requirements from various teams on data inputs and outputs needed for machine learning model development

Three Months
Gain familiarity with the latest research in the field
Work with the ML team to build scalable predictive models in service of commercial contracts
Develop data pipelines to move, process and manage data needed to train models
Help develop compute infrastructure for model training

Six Months
Help develop Generation 2.0 of all these systems and scale them to service client projects.
About the job
Who We Are

Cyngn is a Silicon Valley-based autonomous vehicle startup backed by leading Venture Capital firms, including Andreessen Horowitz, Benchmark Capital, and Index Ventures.

We are a team of engineers and scientists, and we believe in building the best products through open and honest collaboration. We’re constantly experimenting, asking questions, listening to feedback, and taking action.

The journey of creating and building is just as important as the final product. We pride ourselves on our trusting and creative work environment; it’s what has led us to build one of the world’s leading autonomous vehicle solutions. Our advanced self-driving system is cost-effective, modular, and broadly applicable across a variety of industries and vehicles by leveraging applied artificial intelligence, leading-edge sensors, and robotics.

Who We’re Looking For

To build this incredible technology, we are looking for energetic, motivated, and experienced technical leaders to help guide our team and move this innovative field forward.

We want you to bring a passion for autonomous vehicles and the future of mobility with a zen-like ability to excel in a fast-paced startup environment. You are driven, curious, calm , and thrive on opportunities to make a big impact on technologies that will revolutionize entire industries while creating commercial success for Cyngn and its partners.

If you love to build, tinker, and create with a team of trusted colleagues, then Cyngn is the place for you.

Responsibilities
Run the robot constantly along with the QA team and be responsible for SOP working with product to update and maintain it
Work with QA on testing of the complete system as well as sub-system level test and validation plansHelp create and module specific and system level test plans and take them through completion
Develop systems and processes to capture issues efficiently and follow them to completion.
Work with QA to validate releaseEvaluate results of testing and send out daily reports clearly highlighting areas for improvement
Work with product teams to make testing improvements a priority by analyzing them and making a case for their impact on engineering efficiency with data from the field
Establish and create tooling - both hardware and software, whenever possible, to make testing more efficient and streamlined

Qualifications
BS in Computer Science, Mechanical, Robotics or related field
Experience with software development programming languages such as C++, Python
At Least 1 year of experience with robotic or complex software systems including hardware
Experience with ROS and Linux are essential
Experience working with Software management tools such as JIRA, Github etc. Experience with bug lifecycle management Very methodical, organized and meticulous in approach to engineering
Strong communication skills
Self-starter, highly motivated individual
Prioritizes data based decision making, good to have experience presenting data in meaningful ways
About the job
Fungible is defining data-centric computing, both in terms of software and in terms of hardware (with its DPU)

Fungible is building a new class of microprocessor and a whole set of related software. Our build and release team contributes to Fungible's embedded OS and other softwares by building infrastructure and tools needed to correctly build, package, test and debug our systems. Some of our work includes customized build systems, continuous integration and testing infrastructure, log analysis from machines in the field, and automation to easily spot and share problems. We're looking for skilled engineers who can take a complex problem, build great solutions, work with others, and help us ship our products.

Role And Responsibilities
The role will be that of a build engineer focussed on supporting daily build activities including troubleshooting build and test failures
Maintaining and enhancing existing C/C++/Makefile based build infrastructure
GitHub administration, repository management, branching and tagging automation.
Ensure optimal performance of our Jenkins scripted groovy pipelines
Interest in working at multiple levels of build from embedded OS and code generators up to packaging and test infrastructure.
Provide support to development and quality teams in resolving issues that may arise from daily builds, GitHub tasks, etc.
Constantly look to improve the speed and efficiency of our processes through automation
Skills

And Education Required
BS in Computer Science or equivalent degree
8-10 years of relevant work experience as a Build & Release Engineer
Proficient in bash scripting and Python programming.
Experience with Jenkins scripted groovy pipelines.
Good SDLC experience with C/C++, gcc and makefiles
Good knowledge of Linux systems administration
Self-starter and willing to take ownership
Preferred Experiences
Experience with CI/CD infrastructure, Jenkins for automating build pipelines
Experience with C/C++ development and makefiles
Experience with Jenkins groovy pipelines, and customizing build systems
Experience in Linux development environments and embedded software.
Exposure to git, Github/GitLab, and code branching/merging strategies
Exposure to tools and techniques in the areas of build, test, deploy, and release
Keywords: automation, build, Jenkins, C, makefile, git
About the job
Skydio is the leading US drone manufacturer and world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from action sports enthusiasts to first responders.

About the role:

We are seeking a driven and versatile engineer to help the development and execution of test plans and testing infrastructure to enable rapid design iteration and robust product validation for state-of-the-art autonomous flying machines servicing a broad range of consumer and commercial use cases.

How you'll make an impact:

Work with product development, quality, manufacturing, and outside partners to define and execute comprehensive test strategies beginning in early prototyping stages through volume production, enabling earliest possible discovery of failure modes for complex electro-mechanical autonomous systems
Develop the test hardware and software systems required to efficiently execute performance and reliability validation within fast development schedules
Analyze data, calculate statistics, and carefully document test results to support enterprise customers and regulatory certification efforts
Perform failure analysis to identify root cause and help develop process/design mitigations collaborating with mechanical, electrical and software engineering teams to rapidly implement corrective actions and resolve system issues
Participate in design reviews and provide key design for reliability inputs to mitigate risks before the first prototypes are built

What makes you a strong fit:

An experienced and finely-tuned sense of how to test, how not to test, and how to find vulnerabilities in processes and design
A systems-engineering approach to problem solving, and a knack for rapidly identifying issues within mechanical, electrical, and software domains as well as the grey areas between them on tightly integrated systems; strong desire to drive failure analyses to true root cause
Enthusiastic tendencies toward diving in and applying first principles to engineer creative solutions to complex problems
Experience with Python or other programming languages for test automation, data analysis and visualization
Strong desire to learn and contribute across multiple domains within a dynamic and growing organization
Excellent project management, written & verbal communication and cross-functional teamwork skills


At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multi-disciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.

As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employee's race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions), pregnancy, gender, gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, generic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
About the job
At CrowdStrike we’re on a mission - to stop breaches. Our groundbreaking technology, services delivery, and intelligence gathering together with our innovations in machine learning and behavioral-based detection, allow our customers to not only defend themselves, but do so in a future-proof manner. We’ve earned numerous honors and top rankings for our technology, organization and people – clearly confirming our industry leadership and our special culture driving it. We also offer flexible work arrangements to help our people manage their personal and professional lives in a way that works for them. So if you’re ready to work on unrivaled technology where your desire to be part of a collaborative team is met with a laser-focused mission to stop breaches and protect people globally, let’s talk.

About The Role
Lead engineering efforts from rapid prototypes to large-scale applications using Python or Golang.
Automate processes and workflows by coding new tools and scripts.
Brainstorm, define, and build collaboratively with members across multiple teams.
Obsess about learning, and champion the newest technologies & tricks with others, raising the technical IQ of the team.
Constantly re-evaluate our product to improve architecture, knowledge models, user experience, performance and stability.
Be an energetic "self-starter" with the ability to take ownership and be accountable for deliverables.
You'll use…
Python
Golang
JavaScript
Jenkins
Git
What You'll Need
Solid knowledge of application development
Experience consuming and creating REST APIs
Ability to read and write technical documentation
Scripting & automation experience
Highly Desirable Skills
Python or Golang development
Jenkins or some other CI/CD tool
Comfortable working on the command line
Benefits

Of Working At CrowdStrike
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation policy
Comprehensive health benefits + 401k plan
Paid parental leave, including adoption
Flexible work environment
Wellness programs
Stocked fridges, coffee, soda, and lots of treats
We are committed to building an inclusive culture of belonging that not only embraces the diversity of our people but also reflects the diversity of the communities in which we work and the customers we serve. We know that the happiest and highest performing teams include people with diverse perspectives and ways of solving problems so we strive to attract and retain talent from all backgrounds and create workplaces where everyone feels empowered to bring their full, authentic selves to work.

CrowdStrike is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work
About the job
Ford Motor Company is committed to expanding our core business from auto manufacturer to, the much broader, mobility solutions company. Autonomous Vehicles will play a major role in many of these upcoming mobility solutions. In fact, Autonomous Vehicles will play a key role in the future of Ford, in the future of transportation, and in the future of how people interact with their world!

This future is being created today by Ford’s AV LLC team. This fun, fast-moving, innovative group of highly skilled and motivated people is looking for candidates to support research and developmental efforts in producing fully-autonomous vehicles (SAE Level 4).

The “Autonomous Vehicle Software Engineer - Perception” position entails developing, implementing, and testing perception algorithms for scene understanding using Computer Vision and Machine Learning. The AV needs to understand its 3D environment, to plan a safe path through it, and therefore needs to detect the 3D position of vehicles, pedestrians and other objects around it. Cameras – in monocular, stereoscopic and structured-light configurations will be used for this task. Monocular depth estimation, semantic segmentation, 3D object detection and 6-DoF pose estimation are some of the tasks that will be under the purview of this position.

Ideal candidates will have a strong grasp of computer science fundamentals, software engineering skills and Machine Learning knowledge. They should have a solid background in Computer Vision and be comfortable with the latest literature in CNNs, loss-functions and development frameworks like Tensor-flow, Keras and Pytorch. They will also well-versed in software engineering best practice and tool-chains used for integrating these ML algorithms into a production pipeline. In addition to Python for ML, they should be proficient with C++, that will be used for the overarching Self-Driving Software framework (SDS). They should understand modern build systems, have familiarity with version control and have used agile programming practice in a professional setting. Finally, the candidate should have some experience in deploying CV/ML solutions in real-world applications.

What You’ll Be Able To Do
Design, implement, train and test ML algorithms for camera-based depth estimation, semantic segmentation, 3D object detection, classification and 6 DoF object pose-estimation.
Develop, implement and utilize specific metrics to quantify the performance of object detection and classification algorithms.
Design, implement, test and maintain production-level software solutions in C++ on an embedded platform
Present designs, challenges, implementation details and results during periodic reviews and technical interchange meetings


The Minimum Requirements We Seek
Bachelor’s degree in Robotics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related scientific field
1+ years of experience developing high-quality C/C++ code (coursework/internship/co-op experience allowed)
1+ years of experience Two or more years’ experience developing high-quality code for a CV/ML application. (coursework/internship/co-op experience allowed)
Our preferred qualifications:
Experience working in a team-based project from inception to demonstration across multiple disciplines, e.g., hardware design and implementation, data acquisition and analysis, mathematical modeling, algorithm development, application implementation, etc.
Experience with developing custom software within a large codebase, including proficiency with software version control systems (e.g., git or svn), code reviews, and style guidelines.
Experience with Linux development using tools for code debugging and profiling.
Experience with multiple sensor systems that utilize a combination of LIDAR and cameras.
Experience with neural network development in at least two of the following areas: monocular depth estimation, semantic segmentation and 3D object detection/classification using an ML framework like Tensor Flow / Keras / Pytorch.
Experience with 3D geometry: particularly multi-camera projective geometry, the fundamental matrix and its solutions.
Experience with intrinsic and extrinsic camera calibration.
Strong foundation in linear algebra, vector analysis, and probability/statistics.
Working knowledge of an inter-process communication method (such as ROS, LCM, ZeroMQ, etc).
Proficiency in multiple operating systems such as Windows, UNIX, Linux, etc.
Demonstrated ability to generate scientific reports and presentations.
Experience with system requirements, testing, validation, and Agile software development.
Candidates Will Be Expected To:
Possess strong oral and written language skills
Enhance already strong time management skills
Present technical results for internal management and at external venues such as conferences
Work collaboratively with other team members and across multiple technical areas
Work closely and effectively with external partners – corporations, universities and automotive suppliers
Be self-motivated with the ability to manage multiple tasks

What You Will Receive In Return

As part of the Ford family, you’ll enjoy excellent compensation and a comprehensive benefits package that includes generous PTO, retirement, savings and stock investment plans, incentive compensation and much more. You’ll also experience exciting opportunities for professional and personal growth and recognition.

If you have what it takes to help us redefine the future of mobility, we’d love to have you join us.

Visa sponsorship may be available for this position.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.

For information on Ford's salary and benefits, please visit: https://corporate.ford.com/content/dam/corporate/us/en-us/documents/careers/2021-benefits-and-comp-GSR-sal-plan-3.pdf
About the job
About Vantage Data Centers

Vantage is committed to being a workplace of inclusion, equity, respect and acceptance. We celebrate diversity and intentionally seek out opportunities to learn from one another’s experience.

Vantage Data Centers powers, cools, protects, and connects the technology of the world’s well-known hyperscalers, cloud providers and large enterprises. Developing and operating across six markets in North America and five markets in Europe, Vantage has evolved data center design in innovative ways to deliver dramatic gains in reliability, efficiency and sustainability in flexible environments that can scale as quickly as the market demands.

Reliability Engineering Department

The Reliability Engineering Team is responsible for the overall operating health of critical systems across Vantage global facilities. For each of the major systems Electrical, Mechanical, and Controls, the Reliability Engineering team is responsible for ensuring success in the commissioning stages of new construction, evaluating and improving the reliability and performance of existing critical infrastructure, sustaining equipment operational availability through maintenance program design, providing ongoing technical support to the Site Operations Teams, as well as providing systems reliability and maintainability feedback to the Design Engineering teams for future design considerations.

Position Description

The Reliability Engineer for control systems is responsible for the overall functional health of critical monitoring and control systems and acts as the Controls Systems Subject Matter Export in the Site Operations organization. This responsibility includes oversight of facility acceptance testing, control system maintenance planning, and Site Operations technical support. Requirements for this position include full familiarity with control systems arrangements and control components for Power and Cooling systems from the field component to the integrated systems level. The controls SME understands the functions of direct control devices and logic controllers as well as the extended effects of failure of those devices in the larger context of systems automation. The controls SME has familiarity with sensors and monitoring devices and the ability to ensure data reliability. The controls SME acts as an advisor for Site Operations and has enough experience to guide technicians through effective troubleshooting. The controls SME regularly interfaces the Electrical and Mechanical Engineering teams, the Automation Systems Group, Software Development team and Site Operations teams.

Essential Job Functions
Ensure control systems meet design intent and perform without issue during testing phases of new construction.
Design maintenance programs to maximize equipment operability and efficiency while minimizing life cycle costs.
Provide full technical and troubleshooting support Site Operations teams when responding to control system failures.
Provide system reliability feedback to the Design Engineering teams for future design considerations.

Duties
Work with Engineering and Construction teams to ensure the reliability of new and modified installations.
Review construction equipment submittals, identify potential deficiencies, and evaluate maintenance feasibility.
Attend factory witness testing to verify and validate equipment functionality.
Review site commissioning plans and ensure the thoroughness of control system startup testing.
Develop risk management plans that will anticipate reliability-related risks that could adversely impact plant operation.
Ensure data communications from monitored systems remains intact and data is properly collected and stored.
Analyze and process system collected data and recommend improvements to site operations and maintenance strategies.
Perform system component upgrades as required to ensure reliability and combat obsolescence.
Perform Root-Cause Failure Analysis and facilitate corrective action.
Design maintenance programs to minimize control systems maintenance complexity and reduce maintenance down time.
Design appropriate site response procedures based on potential control system failures.
Provide at request guidance and technical support to Site Teams.
Ensure Site Teams are proficient with Building Management Systems and controls system operation.


Job Requirements
Bachelor of Science in Engineering from an accredited university or equivalent field experience to successfully perform essential job functions.
PLC programming experience with Rockwell Automation, Carel and GE systems.
Modbus TCP/IP and RTU, BacNET and Ethernet/IP configuration knowledge.
Ability to read and interpret Electrical/Mechanical one-line diagrams.
Experience with Ignition HMI software.
Ability to travel up to 25% of total work time.
Ability to travel internationally.

We operate with No Ego and No Arrogance. We work to build each other up and support one another, appreciating each other’s strengths and respecting each other’s weaknesses. We find joy in our work and each other, actively seeking opportunities to inject fun into what we do. Our hard and efficient work is rewarded with an above market total compensation package. We offer a comprehensive suite of health and welfare, retirement, and paid leave benefits exceeding local expectations.

Safety and security always matter. During COVID, all positions that can work remotely have been, and appropriate steps have been taken to ensure the safety of employees in any position essential to be on site. Regardless of where you are working, technology to work effectively is provided on or in advance of your first day of employment.

Throughout the year, the advantage of being part of the Vantage team is evident with an array of benefits, recognition, training and development, and the knowledge that your contribution adds value to the company and our community.

Don't meet all the requirements? Please still apply if you think you are the right person for the position. We are always keen to speak to people who connect with our mission and values.

Vantage Data Centers is an Equal Opportunity Employer
About the job
Who We Are

Nuro exists to better everyday life through robotics. We have an elite team of entrepreneurs and engineers, designers, and scientists. We believe AI and robotics are at the cusp of transforming daily life and we are dedicated to building meaningful products with this technology. Join us and play a critical role in our mission.

About The Role

Our robotics team is growing and we are looking for a software engineer to make our robots come to life. You will design and develop the critical code of Nuro's robots software that makes the robot sense and move in the world.

About The Work
Enable and optimize the use of new sensors and components on the robots
Design algorithms to control robot motion and to perform signal processing on sensor data
Collaborate closely with hardware and software engineers during the definition, design, and verification phases
Work closely with Nuro's autonomy software team to integrate embedded systems into the self driving software stack


About You
Strong C/C++ programming skills
Good computer science fundamentals, e.g. data structures, concurrency and algorithm design
Good understanding of operating system internals, e.g. kernel or driver knowledge
Good problem solving and debugging skills
Good communication skills
B.S., M.S. or Ph.D in Computer Science, Mathematics, or closely related field

Bonus Points
Experience with real-time OS and real-time applications
Experience with ARM-based SOC architecture
Experience with device driver development

At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.
About the job
The Firmware Validation Engineer is responsible for designing, implementing, and tracking progress of firmware validation tests, specialized in verification of Robot Motion. This role requires a candidate passionate about learning how things work to the point of breaking them. The ideal candidate has proven experience testing in a team environment focused on one or more of the following: drive systems, vehicle localization, motion planning algorithms, and probabilistic decision-making software. Our team uses Software Engineering best practices to validate firmware with automation. Join us if you want to develop cutting edge and state of the art automation techniques in the exciting autonomous vehicle industry!

Responsibilities
Validate motion planning and tracking algorithms, and localization for Level 5 vehicles
Validate that the vehicles are operating within the safety specifications set by the Safety Assurance team
Write comprehensive test plans based on requirements
Develop and implement automated tests on complex embedded systems
Operate in multiple test layers optimized for efficiency
Review tests written by teammates and cross-functional team members
Analyze real-world logs and develop strategies for simulating and replaying scenarios against our test platforms

Qualifications
BS in Computer Science, Mechatronics Engineering, or relevant engineering discipline
3+ years of relevant work experience
Object-oriented programming experience in Python and/or C++
Experience in at least one of the following: vehicle localization validation, trajectory planning and tracking validation, or collision avoidance algorithms
Experience developing programmatic solutions leveraging linear algebra, mathematics, and geometry
Experience writing code with source control (Git)
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Positive attitude, team player, and ability to quickly adapt to changes

Bonus Qualifications
Experience with Python testing frameworks (Robot, pytest, etc.)
Experience with continuous integration/deployment systems

About Zoox

Zoox is developing the first ground-up, fully autonomous vehicle fleet and the supporting ecosystem required to bring this technology to market. Sitting at the intersection of artificial intelligence, robotics, and design, Zoox aims to provide the next generation of mobility-as-a-service in urban environments. We’re looking for top talent that shares our passion and wants to be part of a fast-moving and highly execution-oriented team.

Follow us on LinkedIn

A Final Note

You do not need to match every listed expectation to apply for this position. Here at Zoox, we know that diverse perspectives foster the innovation we need to be successful, and we are committed to building a team that encompasses a variety of backgrounds, experiences, and skills.

About Zoox

Zoox is developing the first ground-up, fully autonomous vehicle fleet and the supporting ecosystem required to bring this technology to market. Sitting at the intersection of robotics, machine learning, and design, Zoox aims to provide the next generation of mobility-as-a-service in urban environments. We’re looking for top talent that shares our passion and wants to be part of a fast-moving and highly execution-oriented team.

Follow us on LinkedIn

A Final Note

You do not need to match every listed expectation to apply for this position. Here at Zoox, we know that diverse perspectives foster the innovation we need to be successful, and we are committed to building a team that encompasses a variety of backgrounds, experiences, and skills.
About the job
About Koko

Koko's team is comprised of individuals at the top of their fields, spanning from deep technology to behavioral therapy. We're all inspired to help our aging loved ones and the over 50 million older adults in the United States age on their own terms–and thrive in motion.

Based in Palo Alto, California, we strive to cultivate an inclusive work environment in which everyone, regardless of gender, race, religion, age, or background can contribute to the best of their ability.

Koko is backed by Lightspeed, Khosla Ventures, and Y Combinator.

About The Role

Koko is looking for a strong candidate with experience in sensor perception to design and implement cutting edge software algorithms to make sense of the world inside people’s homes.

The Perception Engineer supports the entire perception SW pipeline and machine learning algorithms development and works deeply with the rest of the team to make a device that learns and adapts to its surroundings and generates a precise, consistent representation of the environment and the users interaction within the space.

You Will Be Responsible For
Develop innovative algorithms and software for the perception engine, from raw 3D point cloud to user actions classification and statistical models for user intention inference.
Develop machine learning algorithms that understand the space with both supervised and unsupervised learning frameworks.
Having a direct exposure to real world data from our growing install base, and the satisfaction of seeing how your work immediately makes a real positive impact on users’ lives.
Interacting with the broader perception team and actively participating in discussions and brainstorming.
Requirements
Experience with processing sensors that provide 3D and depth - Radar, Lidar or IR.
Experience with implementation and training of classification and clustering machine learning models.
Strong C++/Python software development and optimization experience.
Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or a related field (MSc/PhD preferred).
Preferred To Have
Experience with human sensing: Vital signs, Human actions, Skeletal models.
Knowledge in radar signal processing: Range/Doppler/Angle estimation, Multipath modeling, Radar interference.
Experience in developing and evaluating real time implementation of machine learning models.
What We Do
Using advanced radio frequencies and machine learning techniques, Koko is building a wearable free home context system for use in improving the health of older adults.
At Koko (formerly Totemic) we are a small team of 25 working on a mission to enable every older adult to thrive in their own home for their entire life. Our first product uses wireless signals and machine learning to passively monitor and improve well-being at home, without the use of wearables.
Koko is an equal opportunity employer. As standard procedure for all new hires, this position is subject to background check, & reference check.
About the job
This opportunity is located in San Diego, CA. Remote friendly during COVID-19

You can apply to the job with this email address:
c___software_engineer_cf8c8dd42@ivy.greenhouse.io

Company Overview

Come join a higher calling and find a deeper purpose!

As a multi-national Artificial Intelligence Technology Company, we are at the epicenter of the Autonomous Vehicle Universe. Our breakthroughs are leading the industry in autonomous trucking.

While inventing the framework of Autonomous Driving, our current fleet of autonomous Trucks are helping communities receive much-needed supplies and medical equipment around the clock. Our people are some of the most talented engineers and contributors who are leaving behind a historic legacy.

TuSimple was founded half a decade ago with the goal of bringing the top minds in the world together to achieve the dream of a driverless truck solution. With a foundation in computer vision, algorithms, mapping, and Artificial Intelligence, TuSimple is working to create the first global commercially viable Autonomous Freight Network

Role Responsibilities
Design, develop, test, debug, and deploy software modules in autonomous driving system, and/or in related platform and tools software.
Collaborate with other team members.
Responsible for integrating multiple modules and systems into one platform
Developing and maintaining key integrating tools and monitoring performance


Experience & Skills Required
BS, MS in Computer Science or other related fields.
Deep experience developing production-quality software in C++/C in Autonomous Driving, Robotics, Internet, Telecommunication, and other technology industries.
Solid understanding of object-oriented programming.
Solid understanding of data structure and basic algorithms.
Solid understanding of performance profiling, analysis, and optimization.
Solid understanding of how an operating system works
Good debugging and root cause analysis skills.
Good communication skills and team collaboration.

Bonus Points
Good understanding and experience in Computer Vision, Image Processing, Deep Learning or other Algorithms.
Development experience in RTOS and Linux kernel.
Development experience in ROS.
Development experience on ARM platforms.
Good understanding and use of Docker.


TuSimple Benefits
100% employer-paid healthcare premiums for you and your family
Work visa sponsorship available
Relocation assistance available
Breakfast, lunch, and dinner served every day
Full kitchens on every floor with unlimited snacks, drinks, special treats, fruits, meals, and more
Stock options / equity
Gym membership reimbursement
Monthly team building budget
Learning/education budget
Employer-paid life insurance
Employer-paid long and short disability

TuSimple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above-listed items.
This opportunity is located in San Diego, CA. Remote friendly during COVID-19

You can apply to the job with this email address:
c___software_engineer_cf8c8dd42@ivy.greenhouse.io

Brown University, California Institute of Technology, Carnegie Mellon University, Columbia University, Cornell University, Dartmouth College, Duke University, Georgia Institute of Technology, Harvard University, Harvey Mudd College, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, North Carolina State University, Northwestern University, Princeton University, Purdue University, Rice University, Rose - Hulman Institute of Technology, Stanford University, Tufts University, University of California — Berkeley, University of California — Los Angeles, University of Illinois--Urbana-Champaign, University of Maryland--College Park, University of Massachusetts--Amherst, University of Michigan--Ann Arbor, University of Notre Dame, University of Pennsylvania, University of Southern California, University of Texas Austin, University of Washington, University of Wisconsin--Madison, Williams College, Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI), Yale University, MIT, CMU, Waymo, Uber, Facebook, Uber, Amazon, Cruise, Tesla, Argo AI, Baidu, DIDI, Zoox, Nutonomy, Nuro, Aptiv, Pony.Ai, Kodiak, Toyota, Nissan, GM, Ford, VW, Autonomous Car, Autonomous Driving, Robotics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep learning, Perception, Prediction, Planning, Control, Anduril Industries, Sift, Nauto, Tempus, Salesforce, Automation Anywhere, SenSat, Phrasee, Defined Crowd, Pymetrics,Siemens, Socure, AEye, Rev.com, Suki.ai, Verkada, DataVisor, People.ai, AlphaSense, Icertis, Casetext, Blue River Tech, Nvidia, Bright Machines, Orbital Insight, Brighterion, H2O, Intel, Clarifa, X.ai, Zebra Medical Vision, Iris AI, Freenome, Neurala, Akamai, Zoho, ServiceNow, SalesForce, Oracle, Tableau,Splunk,Cvent, Veeam,Atlassian, DocuSign, Dropbox, Veeva Systems, Proofpoint, Cornerstone, Qualtrics. New Relic, Okta, Intralinks, MuleSoft, Freshworks, Slack, Twilio, Anaplan, Stripe, Workfront, Smartsheet, Zuora, OutSystems, Coupa, Cylance, Elastic, Zoom, SailPoint, BlackLine, iCIMS, Digitate, Qualys, Kareo, DataStax, DiscoverOrg, Siteimprove, Druva, Centrify, Looker, SimilarWeb, Odoo, Kyriba, Sumo Logic, Sisense, PagerDuty, DigitalOcean, Liquid Web, Zaloni, Databricks, ServiceTitan, Fastly, SnapLogic, Mendix, Couchbase, Egnyte, Seismic, Bill.com, Justworks, Collibra, ActiveCampaign, Schoology, SalesLoft, Cylynt,
About the job
Company Description

Guardant Health is a leading precision oncology company focused on helping conquer cancer globally through use of its proprietary blood tests, vast data sets and advanced analytics. The Guardant Health Oncology Platform leverages capabilities to drive commercial adoption, improve patient clinical outcomes and lower healthcare costs across all stages of the cancer care continuum. Guardant Health has launched liquid biopsy-based Guardant360®, Guardant360 CDx and GuardantOMNI® tests for advanced stage cancer patients.

Job Description

This role works out of our Headquarters in Redwood City, CA. Due to the Covid 19 Pandemic Guardant Health has temporarily classified this role as ‘partial working from home status,’ meaning as duties apply this role the person will be expected onsite a few days a week. We will fully return onsite at HQ when it is determined safe to do so.

To enable Guardant Health to lead the disruption of cancer treatments through non-invasive cancer screening, the Minimal Residual Disease (MRD) program is seeking a highly motivated Engineer to join the group’s Sustaining & Process Improvement team in the improvement and validation of novel technologies intended to revolutionize early-detection of residual disease via next-generation sequencing in a regulated environment. At Guardant, we leverage the most advanced technologies and work with leaders in many different fields to create the most impactful and meaningful technologies for cancer management.

Are you a scientist or engineer with a proven track record of automation and scaling? Are you eager to take part in the development of high growth, a fast-paced company?

Do you have an interdisciplinary background in molecular biology, lab automation, and programming? Experience with design, development, testing, implementing, and supporting automated sample-processing workflows?

Do you have a background in a requirements-driven approach within a clinical laboratory/molecular biology-based laboratory?

The Ideal Candidate Will Be Able To
Operate, program, and troubleshoot liquid handling robotics platforms for whole blood separation - preferably on a Hamilton platform.
Apply scientific methods and engineering skills in efforts for scalability sample processing workflows.
Collaborate or lead cross-functional teams working in a variety of projects to explore, develop, optimize, test, and put in place scalable solutions for sample processing workflows.
Develop independent performance tests for quality control and investigation.
Demonstrate a solid understanding of business and user requirements and improving efficiency, throughput, and quality of processes.
Document product development requirements, report writing, and validation results in the form of professional quality reports following Good Documentation Practices.
Contribute to protocol generation and presentation preparation.
Integrate automated methods with sample tracking and data management software (is a plus)

Qualifications
BS degree in engineering or science, with 1-3 years of related experience. MS with 1+ years of related work experience will also be considered. Preferred degrees; Biomedical, Chemical or Mechanical Engineering, Molecular Biology, Genetics or Biochemistry or a closely related discipline.
Experience streamlining workflows, developing automated laboratory processes, and instrumentation systems, from concept generation. As well as requirements gathering through to process validation and implementation.
Hands-on experience with operating and programming liquid handling robotics platforms
Experience with Hamilton liquid handlers
Experience in automated development of next-generation sequencing (NGS) assays and/or standard molecular biology techniques. (ie: nucleic acid isolation and purification, DNA quantitation, PCR, etc.)
Experience working within regulated environments (IVD, LDT, etc.)
Strong communication and collaborative skills
Ability to work, internal & external with diverse scientific, engineering, operational, and regulatory disciplines.
Experience with statistical data analysis, monitoring data quality, and troubleshooting technical problems.

Additional Information

Work Environment

Employee may be required to lift routine office supplies and use office equipment. Majority of the work is performed in a desk/office environment; however, there may be exposure to high noise levels, fumes, and biohazard material in the laboratory environment. Ability to sit for extended periods of time.

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
About the job
Position Summary

The Automation Engineer 1 within the Process Engineering Group contributes to the development and implementation of automation systems and workflows to support the processing of samples in a clinical diagnostics laboratory environment. This individual collaborates with a team of scientists and engineers on projects to conceptualize, design, develop, and implement solutions designed to optimize the performance and increase the efficiencies of the laboratory processes.

Primary Responsibilities
Support production methods and equipment
Program liquid handling robots
Build rapport with end-users, and coordinate with cross functional teams
Develop and integrate the automation systems and related software tools, preparing the documentation for equipment validation and operating procedures to ensure successful implementation in the labs
Additional responsibilities include user training, troubleshooting, optimizing the workflows, and on-going support for the end-users


Qualifications
BS degree in Biomedical engineering, closely related scientific field, or equivalent; MS degree preferred
2 years of laboratory automation engineering experience required
Technical proficiency and experience in automation and systems development and integration for the life science industry; especially with robotics and liquid handling systems
Experience in computer programing is required


Knowledge, Skills, And Abilities
Organizational skills, and written and verbal communication skills are required. Flexibility and self-initiative required to support several simultaneous automation projects.
Preparing User Requirement and Testing Procedure, Standard Operating Procedures, and related documentations; and overseeing the functional and validation testing, IQ/OQ/PQ.
Biotech, pharmaceutical, Lab automation providers, or clinical-laboratory experience is highly desirable.


PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT
This position requires the ability to use a computer keyboard, communicate over the telephone and read printed material.
Duties may require working outside normal working hours (evenings and weekends) at times


Travel Required For This Position

No _x_ or Yes _: If yes state anticipated percent for travel: N/A

OUR OPPORTUNITY

Driven by the passion for elevating the science and utility of genetic testing, Natera is committed to helping families identify and manage genetic diseases. Natera is a rapidly-growing diagnostics company with proprietary bioinformatics and molecular technology for analyzing DNA. Our complex technology has been proven clinically and commercially in the prenatal testing space and we are actively researching its applications in the liquid biopsy space for developing products with oncology applications.

The Natera team consists of highly dedicated statisticians, geneticists, doctors, laboratory scientists, business professionals, software engineers and many other professionals from world-class institutions, who care deeply for our work and each other. When you join Natera, you’ll work hard and grow quickly. Working alongside the elite of the industry, you’ll be stretched and challenged, and take pride in being part of a company that is changing the landscape of genetic disease management.

What We Offer

Competitive Benefits. Healthy catered lunches, Premium snacks and beverages, Onsite gym with cardio and weight-training equipment, Game room with satellite TV, Onsite dry cleaning and alteration service with pick-up and delivery, Employee-organized sport leagues, Happy hours and BBQs, Generous Employee Referral program.

For more information, visit www.natera.com .

Natera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
About the job
Lunar Rover Simulation Engineer

At NASA Ames Research Center in Silicon Valley, we are designing a Lunar prospecting mission to search for water ice in a polar region of the Moon.

This Position Is For a Full-time Robotics Simulation Engineer To Develop Software For The NASA VIPER Lunar Rover

Join the team planning the first robotic polar Lunar surface exploration.

https://www.nasa.gov/feature/new-viper-lunar-rover-to-map-water-ice-on-the-moon

The VIPER project is creating a high-fidelity Lunar simulation to support development of the flight software and mission operations training. This Gazebo/ROS2 based simulation environment interfaces with virtually every aspect of the mission, and we need people with a broad range of technical expertise to help pull it all together. If you are a software developer with a simulation, robotics, or graphics background, join us in this groundbreaking endeavor. You can learn more about our simulator in this paper: https://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/20190027571.pdf

Requirements
B.S. (or higher) in Computer Science or Robotics and at least 2 years of experience.

Required Skills And Traits
Strong background in physical simulation, visual simulation, and/or sensor simulation
Strong background in developing high-performance software, particularly with C++11, Python 3, and GNU tools under Linux
Ability to simulate a complex robotics system in Gazebo, including sensors and interaction with the environment

Other Desired Skills
Gazebo plugin development
ROS2 (Robot Operating System)
Physics engines (ODE, Bullet, DART)
3D Graphics (OpenGL, GLSL, OGRE, appearance modeling)
Terrain modeling, GIS, OSGeo tools (GDAL, proj4)
3D Modeling, CAD

LOGYX, LLC provides intelligent solutions in assisting both our U.S. government and private industry clients in achieving customer goals and objectives with unparalleled commitment and dedication. We have a proven history of delivering cost-effective and sustainable solutions to a diverse customer base that provides our staff with unique work opportunities rarely found elsewhere. We offer exciting and challenging career opportunities and are seeking high-caliber and highly-motivated talent to join our growing team. If this sounds of interest to you then we cordially invite you to apply to join our team. Logyx, LLC is an equal opportunity employer.
About the job
The Company

Our mission is to build the Covariant Brain, a universal AI to give robots the ability to see, reason and act on the world around them. Bringing AI from research in the lab to the infinite variability and constant change of our customer's real-world operations requires new ideas, approaches and techniques.
Success in the real world requires a team that represents that world: diversity of backgrounds, points of view, and experiences. Our common denominator: ambitious expectations, love of learning, empathy for those around us, and a team-first mindset. Read more about our culture at https://www.keyvalues.com/covariant .
Our value is in delivering human-level autonomy in robots. We continuously push the boundaries of next-gen robotics for our customers and partners and this role is a key member of the team responsible for driving improvements continuously across various applications.

As a Senior Software Engineer, Robotics, You Will
Iterate quickly on the end-to-end performance of our main robotics applications leveraging a wide variety of skill sets (AI, SW and HW).
Build mission-critical software, from robotic systems to cloud infrastructure, with attention to performance, reliability, security, and code quality.
Deliver previously-impossible robotics capabilities that solve real needs for our partners and customers.
Collaborate with, learn from, and support a diverse and cross-functional team, including mechanical, electrical, software engineers, AI/ML researchers, and business development.
Assist Solutions, Business, Sales, and Product in deployment ramp up and demos.
We're Looking For Candidates With
An impact-driven mindset - willingness to work in a variety of technical areas as needed, to solve real problems and deliver business impact.
A solid foundation in Software Engineering. Experience with at least one programming language, e.g. Python or C/C++, and willingness to pick up new languages or technologies as needed.
A broad range of knowledge base and interests ranging from SWE / AI to HW.
You Might Be a Good Fit If You
Have a desire to work with a small collaborative team, with a high degree of autonomy and responsibility.
Are motivated to work on challenging real-world engineering problems.
Enjoy autonomy in figuring out what is the most important problem to work on.
Are committed to continuous learning.
Benefits

Health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your family
Unlimited time off Flexible work hours
Lunch and dinner each day
401(k) plan and match
At covariant.ai we don't just accept difference-we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Covariant.ai is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
About the job
Junior Software Development Engineer in Test

Fetch Robotics is a venture-backed Silicon Valley startup in San Jose, CA that revolutionizes the way work is done in large warehouses and distribution centers with innovative robotic solutions. Our team members are robotics experts with multidisciplinary backgrounds. We are currently seeking a hands-on Junior SDET to join our Quality Engineering Services team on a full-time basis!

Job Description:

As a Junior Software Development Engineer in Test in the Engineering Services team at Fetch Robotics, you will work on a variety of development, hardware/software integration, and testing infrastructure projects. Your primary responsibility will be to help maintain, improve and troubleshoot tooling to configure and validate our robots after assembly. You will work with the existing team on the implementation of production code used at contract manufacturing sites to test components and robots. A successful SDET will need to be hands on with robot hardware and be eager to learn about all parts of the systems at Fetch.

Responsibilities
Implement, test and maintain software and procedures to ensure proper functionality of Fetch products prior to shipping to customers
Automate existing manual test procedures with a focus on quality, repeatability, and data driven results
Be a technical contributor to projects from the ideation phase to delivery
Work cross functionally with software, electrical engineering, and mechanical engineering teams to develop and deliver functional, robust, and stable commercial products


Qualifications
At least 2 years of experience in software development and/or test automation
B.S in fields such as Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent experience
Great Python programming skills
Experience with Linux
Excellent communication skills
Enthusiastic about learning new things and being hands on with robots and other hardware
Needs to be able to work on a full time schedule

Nice to Haves
Experience with ROS, Docker, shell scripting, Git
Experience building software/hardware test frameworks
Experience with hardware-in-the-loop testing


What We Offer
Competitive salary and equity based on experience
Medical, dental, vision, life and AD&D, LTD, flexible time-off, paid holidays
Experience working with some of the best robotic minds of our time
Opportunity to help build a revolution in the way work is done
About the job
Software Engineer – Customer Success

Location: Remote

"The battery is the technology of our time." -The Economist

Voltaiq is a Battery Intelligence software company. Our data platform brings unprecedented analytics, visualization, and predictive capabilities to any company with a battery-powered business model. World-leading brands — including global automakers in Detroit and Germany, household-name tech giants, and decacorn startups — depend on Voltaiq software to accelerate product development, optimize performance, ensure safety and reliability, and unlock financial value in their products. Our high-powered team is composed of battery industry veterans, PhD scientists, a highly skilled product and engineering team, and an advisory board of C-level industry execs, all of whom are passionate about enabling the global energy transition. Voltaiq is headquartered in Berkeley, CA, serving customers around the world.

The role:

Voltaiq is looking for a Software Engineer to join the growing Customer Success team. Our Customer Success team's mission is to drive successful and timely adoption of Voltaiq software at our customers in order to maximize customer value and ensure contract renewals and growth. The Software Engineer is a technically skilled member of the Customer Success team, responsible for developing and maintaining custom-built scripts, transforming and importing customer data, and the resolution of customer data issues.

The ideal CS Software Engineer will demonstrate technical proficiency, possess a basic understanding of Engineering and/or Analytic Sciences, excel at creative problem solving, and desire to work on meaningful, large-scale Battery Intelligence production Systems. The CS Software Engineer will have the opportunity to collaborate with our Application Engineers and Customer Success Managers to work on exciting and complex problems. As we continue to grow at a rapid pace, this position offers a great opportunity for an individual to grow their career within the company.

If you're an unstoppable problem-solver excited about joining a rapidly growing software company dedicated to building better batteries and improving the planet, this job is for you!

This position reports to the Vice President of Customer Success.

Responsibilities:

Work with Application Engineers and Customer Success Managers to translate customer derived specifications into insightful and practical solutions.
Work with Customer Success Manager and Pre-sales teams to analyze, transform and import sample data into the Voltaiq platform from potential and existing customers.
Utilize monitoring tools to identify and resolve customer data issues to ensure data quality for our customers.
Work with the Professional Services team and Engineering team to develop tools to deliver customer solutions more efficiently / robustly.
Identify opportunities to help improve processes, documentation, and overall customer experience.


Qualifications:

Experience with the python scientific stack, including pandas, numpy, scipy, and plotly.
Have experience solving complex problems through to completion, across various collaborative platforms (e.g. JIRA, Github) and across multiple teams.
Experience with software unit testing is a plus.
Have experience working in an Agile software development environment.
Speaks fluent English and has excellent technical communication skills.
Have a Bachelors or Masters degree in one of the following: Computer Science, Math, Engineering, Quantitative Science (Physics, Chemistry, etc.), or equivalent work experience.


Competitive salary plus equity and full benefits. Our office is located in Berkeley, CA, but the position is remote.

Voltaiq is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to achieving a diverse workforce through application of its equal opportunity and nondiscrimination policy, in all aspects of employment.
About the job
Position Overview

SingleStore Software Engineers are at the forefront of real-time technology that’s revolutionizing how companies run their businesses everyday. With release cycles throughout the year, our engineers are accustomed to moving quickly in a rapid production environment. To do this successfully, we work collaboratively and creatively across teams to maximize our opportunity for impact. We also believe it’s important to celebrate our wins together whether it be at local spot or getting out of the city for some exploring.

As a Software Engineer, you will be empowered to own your projects end-to-end and be an active contributor throughout the product life cycle. To expedite your growth path, you will partner with engineers who deeply care about your success and will lend their expertise to your professional development. Our engineers are not just technical partners, but are also business partners who are exposed to all areas of the business, working with teams such as product, marketing, and sales.

Role And Responsibilities

Our Software Engineers work on small, collaborative teams to help drive our company forward. Whether you’re building new features in Javascript and React.js, increasing the runtime and performance of a SingleStore cluster, or writing new C++ code for the query optimizer, our University Graduates are responsible for brand new and existing projects that are deployed into production with each release. Your work will include everything from writing to testing software, and you’ll gain a significant understanding of both the product and the business.

Required Skills

And Experience
B.S. Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related discipline
Deep understanding of C.S. fundamentals
Strong programming skills with Python, Go, C, C++, or JavaScript
Passionate about building highly reliable software
Firm grasp of algorithms and data structures
SingleStore is one platform for all data, built so you can engage with insight in every moment. Trusted by industry leaders, SingleStore enables enterprises to adapt to change as it happens, embrace diverse data with ease, and accelerate the pace of innovation. SingleStore is venture-backed and headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Portland, Seattle, Boston, Bangalore, London, Lisbon, and Kyiv. Defining the future starts with The Database of Now™.

Consistent with our commitment to diversity & inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people.

To all recruitment agencies: SingleStore does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SingleStore employees. SingleStore is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
About the job
Snap Inc. is a camera company. We believe that reinventing the camera represents our greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Our products empower people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together.

We’re looking for a New Grad Software Engineer to join Snap Inc! As a member of the Engineering team, you will be tasked with solving interesting technical challenges such as architecting and deploying infrastructure to handle our scale, designing a slick and secure mobile client, and maintaining software used by millions every day.

What You’ll Do
Evaluate the technical tradeoffs of every decision
Perform code reviews and ensure exceptional code quality
Build robust, lasting, and scalable products
Iterate quickly without compromising quality

Minimum Qualifications
BS/BA, MS, or PhD in a technical field such as Computer Science or equivalent experience
1+ relevant internship experience
Graduated / graduating between December 2020 and Summer 2021

Preferred Qualifications
Strong CS fundamentals
Good problem solving skills
Someone who gets excited by tough technical challenges
Someone who loves to learn, and is passionate about helping others
Experience with mobile apps and/or databases
Someone who can collaborate and work well with others
A passion for Snapchat and creativity!
At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. EOE, including disability/vets. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations-ext@snap.com .
About the job
SafeAI is a Silicon Valley based technology company powered by a founding talent team with experience across Apple, Ford, and Caterpillar. The company’s focus is on autonomous vehicle technology, designed and built specifically for heavy equipment used in the mining and construction industries. At SafeAI we believe that applying advances in autonomy and artificial intelligence to mining and construction can do a lot to not only make work sites safer, but also increase efficiencies and boost productivity.

SafeAI is seeking a robotics engineer to join our growing team of autonomous construction and mining specialists as we lead the way in developing autonomous systems. The candidate will be responsible for maintaining and developing an autonomous vehicle’s software and hardware and performing tests for reliability and demonstrations for customers.

Key Responsibilities
Minimum Qualifications
Preferred Qualifications




We are an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V/SO and a great place to work.

Thank you for considering this opportunity at SafeAI. If this role sounds exciting, we would like to hear from you!
About the job
Position Overview

SingleStore Software Engineers are at the forefront of real-time technology that's revolutionizing how companies run their businesses everyday. With release cycles throughout the year, our engineers are accustomed to moving quickly in a rapid production environment. To do this successfully, we work collaboratively and creatively across teams to maximize our opportunity for impact. We also believe it's important to celebrate our wins together whether it be at local spot or getting out of the city for some exploring.

As a Software Engineer, you will be empowered to own your projects end-to-end and be an active contributor throughout the product life cycle. To expedite your growth path, you will partner with engineers who deeply care about your success and will lend their expertise to your professional development. Our engineers are not just technical partners, but are also business partners who are exposed to all areas of the business, working with teams such as product, marketing, and sales.

Role And Responsibilities

Our Software Engineers work on small, collaborative teams to help drive our company forward. Whether you're building new features in Javascript and React.js, increasing the runtime and performance of a SingleStore cluster, or writing new C++ code for the query optimizer, our University Graduates are responsible for brand new and existing projects that are deployed into production with each release. Your work will include everything from writing to testing software, and you'll gain a significant understanding of both the product and the business.

Required Skills And Experience
B.S. Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related discipline
Deep understanding of C.S. fundamentals
Strong programming skills with Python, Go, C, C++, or JavaScript
Passionate about building highly reliable software
Firm grasp of algorithms and data structures


SingleStore is one platform for all data, built so you can engage with insight in every moment. Trusted by industry leaders, SingleStore enables enterprises to adapt to change as it happens, embrace diverse data with ease, and accelerate the pace of innovation. SingleStore is venture-backed and headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Portland, Seattle, Boston, Bangalore, London, Lisbon, and Kyiv. Defining the future starts with The Database of Now™.

Consistent with our commitment to diversity & inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people.

To all recruitment agencies: SingleStore does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SingleStore employees. SingleStore is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
About the job
If you are an ASIC Engineer with experience, please read on!

We are an innovative cloud solutions startup located outside of San Francisco backed by incredible investors (funded Zoom, Fitbit, Cloudflare, Ring - to name a few)! Our company, with the help of industry leaders and incredible mentors, is disrupting the tech world, so we are looking for innovative and detail-oriented Hardware Design Engineers! Our product has already made an unbelievable impact and we are highly ranked amongst our industry for our cutting edge products.

If you are interested in learning and gaining ownership in a largely funded startup, then please apply!

What You Will Be Doing

As a Junior ASIC Engineer, you will join our team of industry leaders and dive into the fundamentals of HW engineering!

What You Need for this Position

Experience With a Majority Of The Following Skills
Graduate in Electrical Engineering or another related field
Solid grasp of HW fundamentals - Computer Architecture and VLSI
Verilog, System Verilog - Perl and Python are nice to have
C/C++
What's In It for You
VERY Competitive Salary: ($90,000 - $120,000 DOE)
Remote (now and after COVID)
Equity portion!!
Great PTO - we believe you deserve multiple breaks
Work with experts on groundbreaking hardware
Medical, Health, Vision Package
Startup environment with great perks and growth potential!
So, if you are an ASIC Engineer with experience, please apply today or send your resume to sydney@Optello.com!

Email Your Resume In Word To

Looking forward to receiving your resume through our website and going over the position with you. Clicking apply is the best way to apply, but you may also:

Sydney.FreemanSacker@Optello.com
Please do NOT change the email subject line in any way. You must keep the JobID: linkedin : SF2-1621528 -- in the email subject line for your application to be considered.***
Sydney Freeman Sacker - Associate Manager - Optello

Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

Optello is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
About the job
Position Summary

:

Our Software Engineering Department is responsible for developing and maintaining software products for our GeneXpert®, Infinity, and new Omni System. We collaborate very closely with our product development teams including scientists, instrument engineers, and marketing to deliver software products that meet or exceed the customer’s needs. We are looking for a motivated Software Engineer to join our newly formed Fast Impact Team to support on-market software product including failure investigation and development for sustaining.

Essential

Job Responsibilities:
Develop and maintain software applications including prototyping, designing, coding, testing and/or unit testing, test automation, and documentation
Adhere to software development and source control processes
Perform risk management to minimize customer impact from software defects
Investigate software failures to fully understand the root causes
Provide short term countermeasures and workarounds for to minimize customer disruption from defects
Report and escalate to management when urgent software patches are needed to address critical defects
Minimum Requirements:
A BS in Computer Science, or other STEM majors with minimum 2 years of software development experience
2 + years experience with the following technologies: Android Development, Java, C programming and Database experience
Ability to learn quickly product software features and code
Good fundamental knowledge of OO Programming
Good verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to explain complex technical problems to non-technical audiences
Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The “EEO is the Law” poster is available here.
About the job
This new engineer will be mentored primarily by a seasoned development engineer with wide experience in embedded software architecture, instrument communication protocols, C# programming in Windows and other environments, architecting solutions for volume manufacturing of state-of-the-art, precision optical sub-systems. This new engineer will begin taking on responsibilities for developing automated software solutions for tuning and testing these optical sub-systems. This includes engaging our production database to develop tables and structures for data storage, calls and queries. Many of the automated solutions require interfacing with external equipment via Serial, TCPIP, GPIB along with communicating with the device under test via ASCII, SPI or other communication protocols.

Other Job Functions Include
Develop data structures for non-relational and relational databases. Create database queries and reports.
Setting up equipment and test stations that will enable remote access.
Problem solving faults and errors; get to the root cause of failures and implement comprehensive solutions.
Work directly with hardware and firmware engineers.
Collaborate with other developers, some on-site and some remote, to develop and implement solutions.
Support the domestic and over-sea's manufacturing teams.
Some travel is expected to transfer and support new product introduction into our manufacturing sites in China
Thrive working in a dynamic fast-pace environment
Self-starter; able to work independently once initial direction is established
Able to work remotely and on-site as needed


Experience
No professional experience is required
Strong C# and Windows programming knowledge
Equipment communication and I/O interface
Ability to effectively communicate with team members


Special Skills
Eager to learn how to develop and apply automated solutions for production assembly, calibration and test systems
Python knowledge would be a plus but not required
Mongo database knowledge would be a plus but not required
Understanding of hardware interfaces and communication protocols: RS232, GPIB, SPI, DPRAM, TelNet
Proficient in Word, Excel, PowerPoint
About the job
You Will Use, Implement, And Test New Software Functions Or Applications In The Field Of Advanced Driving Assistance Systems And Automated Driving On a Vehicle

This is a challenging position in the rapidly expanding field of autonomous driving to conduct the software integration into autonomous test vehicles and to ensure its constant improvement.





HCC1-US-California



Research and Development



E80E Driving Assistance R&D FRANCE



Full-time



Day Job



Regular



Regular



No



21/04/2021, 11:18:22 PM
About the job
We are changing the agricultural world with autonomy at Bear Flag Robotics. Our team is building a fleet of autonomous farming tractors and is looking for a Robotics Software Engineer to join our team. Ideally you have built robots from the ground up and have intuition around implementing a robotics stack from sensor selection to perception to localization to path planning. You’re comfortable in Python/ C/ C++ and working on a breadth of problems. Experience with autonomous driving, robotics/ ROS, computer vision, machine learning are a huge plus.

If you’re an enthusiastic self-starter who thrives in ambiguous environments, thinks outside the box, and wants to play a pivotal role in designing autonomous heavy equipment we encourage you to apply!
About the job
Vicarious aims to transform robotics by creating robots with human level performance on real-world manipulation tasks. We are passionate about changing the world with science and software, and we are looking for exceptional people to join us in that mission.

As a robotics research engineer here, you will be involved in designing and implementing the future of robotics alongside other world-class software engineers and researchers.

Responsibilities
Understanding the latest advances in robotics and AI and applying them to our problems.
Developing and implementing new techniques for robotic manipulation, motion planning, control, and learning.
Helping to architect and build a powerful, flexible, and well-engineered software platform that can be used for variety of robotics tasks.

We offer the opportunity to take ownership of cutting edge problems and to work with the latest tools and technologies. We encourage a culture of learning and innovation. There are journal clubs on various topics (Machine Learning, Robotics, Software Engineering) and a budget for professional development. The hours are flexible, and we have a generous work-from-home policy.

Background/Experience
A bachelors degree in a robotics-related field (including computer science, engineering, applied math/physics) is required.

Ideal Candidates Will Also Have Multiple Of

Strong programming skills in Python/C++.
Strong mathematical background and familiarity with modern machine learning/AI.
Ability to rapidly implement and iterate on ideas.
Significant open source contributions.

Desired Personal Qualities
Integrity
Ability to admit when wrong
Altruism
Rigorous and empirical approach to decision making
Fast learner, unfazed by complex systems and difficult problems.
Patience with others
Described by others as the best engineer / researcher they know
Tenaciousness and ability to get things done
Sense of humor

Vicarious is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We’re committed to fair hiring practices and a welcoming working environment. All candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, religion, ethnicity, age, gender, sexual identity or expression, medical condition, or socioeconomic status. We value our differences and we’re excited to learn what you can add to our team.
About the job
Gigamon provides an intelligent Visibility Fabric™ architecture for enterprises, data centers and service providers around the globe. Our technology empowers infrastructure architects, managers and operators with pervasive and dynamic intelligent visibility of traffic across both physical and virtual environments without affecting the performance or stability of the production network. Through patented technologies and centralized management, the Gigamon GigaVUE portfolio of high availability and high density products intelligently delivers the appropriate network traffic to management, analysis, compliance and security tools. With over eight years’ experience designing and building traffic visibility products in the US, Gigamon solutions are deployed globally across vertical markets including over half of the Fortune 100 and many government and federal agencies.
Gigamon is looking for bright and enthusiastic Computer Science (or related) graduates passionate about networking and network security. You will join an experienced and quality driven engineering team, learn and make meaningful contributions to the design and development of our products. Teams hiring include:
-      Embedded Software
-      Monitoring/Visibility Fabric.
-      Security
 Requirements
Completed coursework in operating systems, computer architecture, networking, object-oriented design, data structure and algorithms
Good familiarity with networking fundamentals (routing, switching, network security tools)
Love of playing with networking gear (setting up small networks involving special-purpose networking devices)
Patience in reading user manuals of networking products and other documentation (like functional specifications)
Ability to use user manuals and other documents to set up specific network configurations
Patience in executing test cases and overcoming potential issues
School or industry projects involving significant design and development
2+ years experience in one of C, C++, Java and also some scripting languages like Python, Perl, shell
About the job
Location

Redwood City, CA

About Dexterity

At Dexterity, we’re building robotic automation systems to perform pick-place-pack tasks in warehouses. Our end-to-end automation systems use intelligent software to enable human-like dexterity in commodity robot arms. Such intelligent robots will deeply impact the logistics industry and help realize a step change in logistics automation and supply chain productivity.

Dexterity is one of the fastest growing and best funded startups in the robot manipulation space. Come join our team of robot-obsessed engineers and help make intelligent robots a reality.

About The Role

At Dexterity, you will be developing software to enable real time control, low latency vision systems, optimal planners, and much more. You will be designing features to empower machine learning algorithms, cloud computing, anomaly detection, etc… for Dexterity’s robotics applications. You will develop introspection and debugging tools to understand the behavior of your software, and deploy it in the field.

Day-to-day Responsibilities (does not include all responsibilities)
Design, program, test, and debug software for robots and robotic systems.
Develop software for computer vision applications & robotics control.
Build and analyze pipelines of critical and non-critical data: introspecting on errors regarding decision making, planning, or inference.
Data analysis and modeling for improving robot performance.
Build machine learning pipelines to train, test, and infer continuously without human intervention.
Develop software to enable multiple robots to work collaboratively and safely.
Introspect on the performance (speed and quality) of control, vision, data software running on the robot system and develop optimizations to improve them.
Develop and deploy cloud software for data ingestion, analysis, and remote reporting/debugging of 1000s of robot systems.
Enable complex robotic systems to scale globally!
Desired Experience, Knowledge, Skills And Abilities
BS/MS/Ph.D. in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent experience.
Knowledge of Modern C++ and Python.
Good grasp of networking concepts.
Familiar with Linux.
Comfortable working with a lot of data: collection, storage, analysis.
Familiarity with wide array of software stack technologies:
Web communication (REST, HTTP)
Software communication (ZMQ, Redis, gRPC, etc…)
Databases
Common ML libraries and pipelines
Understanding of math, physics, data science, and CV/ML disciplines.
Solid understanding of algorithms and data structures
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
Equal Opportunity Employer

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
About the job
Pony.ai is a startup co-located in Silicon Valley and China, our mission is to revolutionize the future of transportation by building the safest and most reliable technology for autonomous vehicles. Armed with the latest breakthroughs in artificial intelligence, we aim to deliver our technology at a global scale. We believe our work has the potential to transform lives and industries for the better.

As an IQ test you will work on developing cutting edge vision technologies for autonomous vehicles. You will work in a camera lab tuning ISP, evaluating image quality and testing the actual solution in the field on our self driving car. You will work closely with machine learning and hardware, mechanical engineers across our multiple locations.

What We Are Looking For
Passion about cameras and self driving cars
Degree in Computer Science or Engineering
Deep understanding of image quality metrics and evaluation
Knowledge of camera systems (sensor, lens, ISP)
Understanding ISP pipeline (demosaicing, tone-mapping, color processing)
Hand-on experience in ISP tuning
Familiarity with firmware algorithms (auto-exposure, white-balance)
Good C/Python programming skills on image processing and data analysis
Basic understanding of machine learning and computer vision
Experience with imaging hardware debugging tools


What You’ll Do
Work with the compute, sensors, and perception
Define the requirements for camera and imaging solutions
Perform image quality evaluation
Collect image data in the lab and in the field
Develop tools for imaging, automated tuning and testing
Work with external vendors to solve IQ related issues
Tune ISP/sensor for specific requirements
Support perception team maximizing vision KPIs
Support hardware team with testing and defining new products
Generating IQ reports
Participate in design reviews


About Pony.ai

Pony.ai, Inc. (“Pony.ai”) is pursuing an ambitious vision for autonomous mobility. We aim to bring safe, sustainable, and accessible mobility to the entire world. We believe that autonomous technology can make our roads exponentially safer for travelers. Founded in late 2016, Pony.ai has been a pioneer in autonomous mobility technologies and services across the U.S. and China, spearheading public-facing Robotaxi pilots in both markets. The company is currently valued at $5.3B and some of its major investors include Toyota, OTPP, Sequoia Capital China, and IDG Capital.
About the job
Inscopix has developed a miniaturized, real-time, brain mapping platform - enabling new approaches to understand the brain, and accelerating drug discovery for brain disorders like Parkinson and Alzheimer disease.  

We are seeking an Embedded Systems Software Engineer to design and develop the firmware that bridges our neuro-imaging hardware and data acquisition software.  You will collaborate with an interdisciplinary team of neuroscientists, data scientists and engineers from software, mechanical, optical and electrical engineering fields. You will also work closely with product management to translate functional requirements into production level embedded systems software.

Responsibilities

Design, build, test, and troubleshoot hardware, firmware, and embedded software for data acquisition electronics and embedded imaging systems.
Lead continuous integration, verification, validation and testing of software releases.
Collaborate with product management and science group to translate user needs to system requirements.
Lead the development of production software for hardware calibration and verification.
Required Experience

Bachelor’s degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent
Minimum of 2 years industry experience working with embedded systems.
Proficient in C/C++, python code development for embedded systems.
Experience developing Linux device drivers and firmware.
Experience working with embedded interfaces (I2C, SPI) and protocols including wireless (USB3.0, Ethernet, Wi-Fi, MIPI etc.).
Experience with low level system programming, build systems and solution deployment.
Experience with multithreading, synchronization and system performance optimization.
Experience with development/build tools and release/review management process.
Strong communication skills and the ability to work with minimal supervision.
Desirable Experience

MS / PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related field.
Experience with GStreamer pipelines, plugins, applications and advanced video codecs.
Experience working with digital signals, FPGA and image sensors.
Experience with hardware-accelerated image processing pipelines (OpenCV, OpenGL, CUDA).
Real-Time Operating System (RTOS) experience.
About Inscopix:

Inscopix is a neurotechnology company developing a platform and full stack for real-time brain mapping.  Our vision at Inscopix is to drive new treatments to dramatically improve the health and well-being of people suffering from debilitating brain and nervous system disorders.  Inscopix’s flagship products, nVista and nVoke, have been deployed in over 400 research institutions across the world resulting in over 100 top-tier scientific publications and empowering breakthroughs in Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, psychiatric disorders, chronic pain, and addiction.  Based in Palo Alto, the Inscopix team brings together deep domain expertise in neuroscience, engineering, and data science.  Advised and backed by industry luminaries and investors, Inscopix has been recognized as a World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer, and by Deloitte as one of North America’s fastest growing technology companies. 

Inscopix is an equal employment opportunity employer.

To apply:

Please visit www.inscopix.com/careers
About the job
Zoomies help the world connect — and deliver happiness while doing it. We set out to build the best video conferencing product for the enterprise, and today help people communicate better with products like Zoom Phone, Zoom Rooms, Zoom Video Webinars, Zoom Apps, and OnZoom.

We’re problem-solvers and self-starters, working at a fast pace to design solutions with our customers and users in mind. Here, you’ll work across teams to dig deep into impactful projects that are changing the way people communicate, and enjoy opportunities to advance your career in a diverse, inclusive environment.

As a Software Engineering - New Grad, you will explore opportunities to work across our stack, developing software ranging from Web Server to business application layer for our distributed, cloud-hosted backend. Our Global Emerging Talent Program offers cutting edge projects, as well as a mix of additional types of learning in areas of leadership and business acumen -- and is packed full of fun! While working alongside fellow experts in the field, you will deliver happiness to our users and grow your knowledge base each and every day.

Responsibilities
Assist with building and maintaining Zoom product features and services.
Build, deploy and upgrade our real time compute infrastructure.
Design and implement features to improve our systems.
Connect with customers to understand their goals and needs and translate those into solutions our team can deliver.
Configure tooling for systems scalability, ensure we have capacity for future growth.
Ensure our systems are continuously monitored and running efficiently with a consistent, unified experience across products, platforms, and devices.
Test current algorithms and write testing documents.
Collaborate with internal stakeholders across the business to drive the delivery of features, processes and happiness.

Requirements
At least 18 years old, currently enrolled in a four year academic institution completing an undergrad, grad, or PhD degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Electrical Engineering, Information Systems, Information Technology or a related STEM field .
0-3 years of coding experience preferably in C/C++, Python and/or Java
Self-starter, ability to envision solutions and take initiative to see the solution to the end despite challenges.
Ability to crystallize vague concepts into concise plans with clear documentation.
Detail oriented, organized, ethical, responsible, and self-motivated.
Team player, ability to work effectively in a matrix organization.
Strong communication skills and a desire to learn something new.
A passion for creating products that resonate emotionally with people.
A passion for Zoom’s mission, vision, values, and culture.

Nice To Have
HTML/CSS/Javascript/jQuery/AJAX/Linux/SQL/MATLAB.
REST and Microservice Architecture.
Have experimented with Cloud infrastructure
Hands-on technical knowledge in Mac OS, Windows, G-Suite, Microsoft Office products, anti-malware, network, VPN, etc.

Explore Zoom
Hear from our leadership team
Browse Awards and Employee Reviews on Comparably
Visit our Blog
Zoom with us!
Find us on social at the links below and on Instagram
About the job
About Us

Ripcord is the world's leading robotics digitization company, combining hardware and software robotics to process and digitize paper-based records via an Integrated SaaS offering. Focused on smart robotics digitization, smart content management with AI and helping better enable RPA and business processes.

Ripcord is transforming the $62 billion records management, RPA, MPS, and ECM space through robots that scan, index and categorize paper records, making them searchable in the cloud and integrated into existing business processes and enabling RPA. Ripcord is based in California and has raised $110 million from leading investors including CDK Global, Kleiner Perkins, GV, Baidu, Lux Capital, Silicon Valley Bank, Steve Wozniak, Legend Star, and Icon Ventures.

We respect and look after one another at Ripcord. We want everyone to feel supported, safe, free to innovate and take risks that result in breakthroughs that challenge the status quo. Crazy ideas are welcome here! Our team is fun, driven, and energetic. Every day we work with industrial robots, computer vision systems, and a diverse stack of software tools to tie it all together.

Overview

WE ARE NOT ABLE TO PROVIDE SPONSORSHIP FOR THIS POSITION

The Robotics Engineer at Ripcord is an integral part of a cross-functional agile development team with direct responsibility for supporting the design of the next-generation of digitization robotics and processes. You will have a direct impact at Ripcord in robotics design and development.

An engineer in this position has a good understanding of embedded and industrial robots, mechatronics, and automation. They are strong problem solvers who can support the development of innovative solutions to complex paper and material handling challenges. They will develop electrical, communication, and control systems by selecting and integrating a wide range of mechatronic components from motors and pneumatics to sensors and vision systems.

This role will collaborate with other software and hardware engineers to implement solutions to enable operations to effectively run production at scale. They will also assist in the introduction, assessment, and implementation of new technologies needed to develop the next generation of digitization robotics and processes.

What You Will Do
Design the future of Ripcord's digitization systems with a focus on the hardware/software stack for complex robotic systems
Support the selection of mechatronic components (actuators, motors, sensors, vision systems)
Develop novel solutions to complex paper and material handling challenges
Develop the state machines, logic flows, and firmware that make Ripcord systems the best in the industry
Support the continuous improvement of Ripcord's Firmware Development Process
Create documentation needed to effectively deploy and maintain our systems
Work collaboratively with the Software and Hardware engineering teams


What You Will Need
Bachelors or Masters in Robotics, Mechanical, Mechatronics, or Electrical Engineering
0-3+ years of experience in robotics
embedded systems: C#, python, C/C++
Expertise in robotics, mechatronics, embedded systems
Bonus: Familiar with PLC languages (IEC 61131-3), specifically Structured Text

If You Live For
Disciplined engineering research and product development
Developing complex multi-discipline systems as part of a cross functional team
Driving the detail design of robotic/mechatronic systems - getting the details right
Producing efficient, innovative, and optimized robotic/mechatronic solutions
Designing and building proof of concepts for novel designs - then seeing them through to production release
Actively participating in your designs coming to life, building and testing the system you designed

We'd like to talk to you!

Perks
Free onsite gym complete with treadmills, free-weights, and even a Peloton Bicycle!
Fun stuff like a ping pong table, video games, pool table, electric scooters and more!
A great selection of healthy (and not so healthy) snacks & refreshments on-site
100% of healthcare premiums are covered for you and all dependents
Generous parental leave programs
Catered breakfast & lunch daily
Great vision & dental insurance
Comprehensive leave policy
Commuting benefits
Dog-friendly office!
Stock options

Important Note

We never request personally identifiable information or bank account information during our recruiting or hiring process; nor do we offer up front payments as part of an offer of employment or ask you to download any 3rd party apps such as Telegram.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Ripcord is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. Our goal is to be a diverse workforce at all job levels. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, transgender status, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
About the job
About Us:
unspun is a robotics and digital apparel company building custom jeans for each consumer, on-demand. Our mission is to reduce global carbon emissions by 1% through automated, localized, and intentional manufacturing. Our revolutionary technology is currently being realized through our award-winning brand unspun (one of TIME's Best Inventions, PopSci’s Best of What’s New), a software B2B platform powering digital customization for multiple large apparel labels, and a National Science Foundation-backed hardware team working on the future of additive and automated apparel production. We’re a fast-moving company powered by Fifty Years, Prelude Ventures, SOSV, and the H&M Foundation. 

We also happen to make the best-fitting jeans on the planet.

We are looking for a passionate and experienced Firmware / Embedded Software Engineer to join our team. You will be a key technical member of our automation and embedded systems team, helping to guide and implement a robust distributed control system for a completely new manufacturing process. We’re looking for someone with industry experience developing firmware and embedded software for robotics and automation systems, and someone who is excited about the risks and rewards of joining an early-stage startup. 

What We’re Building:
We’ve developed a proprietary and patent-pending technology at the crossroads of 3D printing and automated textile manufacturing. By skipping the flat 2D fabric stage, we can additively build custom apparel products from the ground up- straight from yarn to final product. If additive manufacturing, industrial automation, and synchronized systems of thousands of actuators gets you excited, we’d love to talk! 

About You: 
You enjoy designing, prototyping, and testing all aspects of embedded software, and have experience with distributed industrial systems or robotics. You love becoming an expert in your problem domain and get excited by simple and elegant solutions.  CMake might be second nature, and you’ve definitely considered adding PID control to your coffee machine. You have strong feelings about C++ vs Rust, and have plenty of cool projects to talk about. You know your way around terminal commands, and you’re guilty of browsing Stack Overflow just for fun. You enjoy learning new technology, and problems with no obvious answer excite you. You’re fascinated with the intersection of art and engineering, and continuous learning (& sharing that knowledge with teammates) is a fundamental part of who you are. 

What You’ll Do:
•Dramatically increase the reliability of unspun’s robotic apparel manufacturing technology, harnessing skills in embedded firmware and digital communications to allow the machine to operate flawlessly every time.
•Find ways to make the codebase better (e.g. removing tech debt, adding debugging or logging tools, increasing test coverage, improving toolchains or build times, etc.).
•Give feedback to and work closely with cross-functional and direct team members. 
•Contribute outside of your field, participating in design reviews, researching technologies, and sharing knowledge. 

Ideal Qualities:
•Project history demonstrating expertise in robotics and/or automation firmware development.
•Expertise at every stage of firmware development: design, implementation, testing, deploying, and debugging.
•Fluency in C / C++.
•Experience developing software on an embedded real-time operating system.
•Familiarity with CAN, modbus, I2C, SPI, RS485, and similar.
•Experience implementing build tools and unit tests.
•Troubleshooting integrated systems and large electromechanical devices, including the use of tools such as oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, and multimeters.
•Juggling challenging tasks with limited documentation and tight deadlines.
•A lovable human being with an attitude and style.
•Someone looking for significant equity ownership in a high-growth company.
•Someone that is open to working on-site (following appropriate safety procedures) in San Francisco for testing and debugging-- remote work encouraged when possible during COVID WFH regulations.

If you don't meet all of the requirements listed above, but can make up for it with a voracious passion to learn how to do so, we strongly encourage you to apply.


Our Philosophy:
We won’t roll our eyes if your socks don’t match. We get it. But then, if you spend those extra few minutes in the morning matching your socks and shirt, we get that too. Our workspaces are sometimes spotless and sometimes chaotic, and we celebrate messy exploration. We work through complex problems but generate simple and elegant solutions. We strive to look at things differently, and never do anything solely because “that’s the way it’s always been done.” 

We’re a team of designers and engineers, industry-veterans and serial entrepreneurs, artists and developers. We’re aspiring chess masters and climbers, bakers and photographers. Originally spun out of Stanford and the University of Colorado, we now call downtown San Francisco home, with strong ties to Hong Kong. We are looking for teammates who share our desire to work on ambitious problems and leave the world better than we found it.

unspun is an equal opportunity employer, and we are committed to being a diverse team that reflects a broad range of background, thought, and experience. We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, national origin, status as an individual with a disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other legally protected characteristics. Women, minorities, and people from underrepresented backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
About the job
As a Robot Test Engineer, you will be a leader in a talented team of roboticists working to commercialize Chef.

Our team is comprised of all Senior / Staff Engineers, Tech Leads, and Engineering Managers ex Cruise, Google, Verb Surgical, YouTube, Strateos, eatsa, creator, Sonos, Built Robotics, IBM Research, Toshiba Research Tokyo, Ripcord, Symbio Robotics, JMP Automation, Plenty, Fellow Robots, Yelp, Groupon, and Microsoft.

In this role, you will be responsible for on-going testing of our robot hardware and software.

About This Role
Assist with ongoing QA testing and develop streamlined processes to both capture issues and efficiently test the complete robotic system.
Evaluate results of testing and highlight areas for improvement.
Develop automated and semi-automated test capabilities for the robots and new feature releases and assist with the testing of those features.
Help develop a robust management system for test resource allocation (test space, robots, servers, test equipment).
Work closely with the product development team for any ongoing prototyping or validation needs.

About You
B.S in Computer Science, Mechanical, Electrical, or relevant engineering degree.
Exposure to SW development concepts, programming languages (C++ and Python).
Experience with basic HW design, fabrication techniques, mechanics of materials.
Experience performing tests on physical systems.
Strong analytical reasoning, organizational, communication, and prioritization skills.
Experience with ROS (Robot Operating System) and Linux.
Experience with building test fixtures and automated testing routines
About the job
Lunar Rover Simulation Engineer

At NASA Ames Research Center in Silicon Valley, we are designing a Lunar prospecting mission to search for water ice in a polar region of the Moon.

This Position Is For a Full-time Robotics Simulation Engineer To Develop Software For The NASA VIPER Lunar Rover

Join the team planning the first robotic polar Lunar surface exploration.

https://www.nasa.gov/feature/new-viper-lunar-rover-to-map-water-ice-on-the-moon

The VIPER project is creating a high-fidelity Lunar simulation to support development of the flight software and mission operations training. This Gazebo/ROS2 based simulation environment interfaces with virtually every aspect of the mission, and we need people with a broad range of technical expertise to help pull it all together. If you are a software developer with a simulation, robotics, or graphics background, join us in this groundbreaking endeavor. You can learn more about our simulator in this paper: https://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/20190027571.pdf

Requirements
B.S. (or higher) in Computer Science or Robotics and at least 2 years of experience.
Required Skills

And Traits
Strong background in physical simulation, visual simulation, and/or sensor simulation
Strong background in developing high-performance software, particularly with C++11, Python 3, and GNU tools under Linux
Ability to simulate a complex robotics system in Gazebo, including sensors and interaction with the environment
Other Desired Skills
Gazebo plugin development
ROS2 (Robot Operating System)
Physics engines (ODE, Bullet, DART)
3D Graphics (OpenGL, GLSL, OGRE, appearance modeling)
Terrain modeling, GIS, OSGeo tools (GDAL, proj4)
3D Modeling, CAD
LOGYX, LLC provides intelligent solutions in assisting both our U.S. government and private industry clients in achieving customer goals and objectives with unparalleled commitment and dedication. We have a proven history of delivering cost-effective and sustainable solutions to a diverse customer base that provides our staff with unique work opportunities rarely found elsewhere. We offer exciting and challenging career opportunities and are seeking high-caliber and highly-motivated talent to join our growing team. If this sounds of interest to you then we cordially invite you to apply to join our team. Logyx, LLC is an equal opportunity employer.
About the job
Cepton is looking for a software generalist with specific interests in either low level bare metal embedded systems or computer vision and 3D perception algorithms. With 3D point-cloud generated by a lidar, some difficult problems become easy and some impossible tasks are now feasible. These areas are often unexplored and lacking established best practice. At the same time, solutions in these areas are usually immediately effective in solving pressing real world problems. Join us to explore this exciting new space opened up by the advent of high density lidars.
 We are at the cutting edge of technological advancement. We look for people who are tool-builders instead of tool-users, people who understand how things work and why it works, not just how to use them. We value one's ability to learn higher than the knowledge one has acquired in the past. We like people who strive to solve a problem in new and creative ways instead of seeking conventional wisdom. We enjoy solving hard problems. Join us to work with like-minded people to face the challenges posed by the new era of computing together.
 Responsibilities: 
(Our projects come from different software engineering disciplines, but our people work in a single flat organization. We always encourage people to explore and learn new things.)
 [Perception]
Implement and improve perception and visualization algorithms. Create and maintain reference solutions for common problems such as object recognition and obstacle detection.
Use computer vision and deep learning techniques to derive high level information from raw lidar point clouds.
Keep up-to-date with AI and computer vision research and attend related scientific conferences.
Work with leading automotive companies and industrial solution providers for lidar adoption projects.
 [System]
Program on bare metal in novel hardware environments. 
Design and implement specialized operating systems and communication protocols.
Fit smart algorithms in a hybrid environment with CPUs, FPGAs and specialized hardware accelerators.
 [Automation]
Create software components that characterize and calibrate the sensor collected data
Implement algorithms and scripts as part of automation in the manufacturing process.
Control machineries with computers through feedback control loops and computer vision.
 Requirements:
Deep understanding of the system architecture is required.
Fluent with C/C++ and Python.
Bachelor's degree in computer science, math, physics or equivalent. Ph. D. is a plus.
Proficient in computer algorithms and data structures.
Good understanding of low level computer architectures and communication subsystems.
Basic knowledge of computer graphics and computer vision.
Knowledge of networking, database, encryption, compilation and memory management details is a plus
Knowledge of web programming and cloud system architecture is a plus.
Comfortable in dealing with customer’s technical staff and providing support.
About the job
Job Description

WiFi team is looking for an Embedded Software Engineer with C programming and networking knowledge to join our team. This is a great opportunity to immerse yourself in all phases of the software development cycle to reach new product launches and feature development for our Enterprise Wireless solutions. This position offers a large scope of experience and direct involvement with complex and innovative technology. In addition, you will be working alongside a close-knit team of experienced software developers.

Job Responsibilities
Develop Enterprise Wireless products and features
Linux kernel/driver development for WIFI product
Linux user space applications implementation
Job Requirements
Highly motivated, positive, detail oriented and responsible
Good team player and good communication skills
Proficient C programming skill
Fast learner.
Basic networking protocols and system design knowledge
Passion and talent on Linux Kernel and application development
802.11, 802.1x and Enterprise Wireless solution experience is plus
Education Requirement
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering is required
Master’s Degree is preferred
#GD

About Us

Fortinet (NASDAQ: FTNT) secures the largest enterprise, service provider, and government organizations around the world. Fortinet empowers its customers with intelligent, seamless protection across the expanding attack surface and the power to take on ever-increasing performance requirements of the borderless network - today and into the future. Only the Fortinet Security Fabric architecture can deliver security features without compromise to address the most critical security challenges, whether in networked, application, cloud or mobile environments. Fortinet ranks number one in the most security appliances shipped worldwide and more than 450,000 customers trust Fortinet to protect their businesses.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for all qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommadations@fortinet.com.

Fortinet is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity in our company, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying.
